SOURCE_URL: https://mait.ac.in/index.php/component/content/article/about-institute.html?Itemid=&catid=10

ABOUT INSTITUTE
Maharaja Agrasen Institute of Technology
was established in 1999
by Maharaja Agrasen Technical Education Society promoted by a group of well known Industrialists, Businessman, Professionals and Philanthropists with an aim to promote quality education in the field of Technology and Management.
Since then, MAIT
has grown from strength to strength to emerge as one of the top technical institutes among the private Institutes and has been constantly ranked amongst the top engineering Institutes by DATAQUEST.
The institute began its first batch of 180 B.Tech. students in 1999 and at present, MAIT offers Bachelor's Degree in 13 disciplines of Engineering - Computer Science and Engineering (360 + 60 students intake),
Computer Science and Engineering (Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning)
(60 students intake)
, Computer Science and Engineering (Artificial Intelligence)
(60 students intake)
, Computer Science and Engineering (Data Science)
(60 students intake)
,
Computer Science & Technology (180 students intake), Electronics and Communication Engineering (60 students intake),
Electronics Engineering (VLSI Design and Technology)
(60 students intake)
, Electronics and Communication (Advanced Communication Technology)
(60 students intake),
Electrical and Electronics Engineering (60 students intake), Information Technology (300 students intake), Mechanical Engineering
(60 students intake)
,
Bachelor of Business Administration-BBA (120 students intake) and Postgraduate degree in
Master of Business Administration (180 students intake)
.
The Institute is approved by All India Council for Technical Education and affiliated to Guru Gobind Singh Indraprastha University, Delhi.
MAIT’s campus comprises of 10 blocks including Admin Block with Wi-Fi connectivity, well equipped modern laboratories, an intellectually stocked Learning Resource Centre with books and E-Resources, Boys Hostel, Gym and Auditorium.
To build lasting relations with Industries, MAIT invites industries to join hands in fulfilling the social responsibility of imparting industry relevant technical education and training. Its alumni have also distinguished themselves through their achievements in and has been contributing significantly to industry, academics, research, business, government and social domains. The institute continues to work closely with the alumni to enhance its activities through interactions in academic and research programmes.
The overall environment in the institution is highly conducive for growth and provides a quality learning atmosphere for students that promotes culture, sports, societal contributions, art, self-governance and human values.