SOURCE_PDF: mgmt.mait.ac.in_images_pdf_Report_Industrial_Visit_03052023.pdf

 
 
Department of Management 
Industrial Visit to Securities and Exchange Board of India 
 
Organiser :  MAIT, Department of Management (MBA) 
Date :  May 03rd, 2023 
Timings : 10:30 AM  to 2:30 PM 
Venue :  SEBI ,Northern Regional Office ,Kidwai Nagar New Delhi 
 
Faculty Coordinator :  Dr Sukhvinder Singh & Mr Nishant Gaur 
 
Maharaja Agrasen Institute of Technology Department of Management organized visit to 
Securities and Exchange Board of India on 03rd May 2023 for MBA – IV semester students. 
Faculty members Dr Sukhvinder Singh and Mr Nishant Gaur accompanied 35 students on the 
visit to SEBI premises at SEBI’s Northern Regional Office at Kidwai Nagar New Delhi. 
 
The event started with basic introduction about SEBI followed by Demat and trading account 
opening guidelines and procedure. This session was conducted by senior officials from SEBI. 
The speaker emphasized on various frauds to which the investors are exposed while investing 
through different channels. The particular section of the presentation focused on DO’s and 
Don’ts while investing in securities market. They also deliberated on reading all the guidelines 
and instructions thoroughly before signing any documents or undertakings. Also to make session 
interactive, speaker asked various questions during presentation. Later students were shown 
MAHARAJA AGRASEN 
INSTITUTE OF TECHNOLOGY 

videos and documentary made by SEBI for investor awareness. Students were severed with light 
refreshment at the end of the program. 
  
The visit was a great source of learning for students as the speakers shared their expertise. 
Students also got an great opportunity to clear several doubts regarding  Demat and trading 
accounts, functioning of SEBI and IPO listing, Malpractices in stock  trading, Career 
opportunities at SEBI etc. The visit ended with light refreshment and group photo session. 
 
 
 
               
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

