SOURCE_PDF: IITF_2024_19112024_pdf.pdf

 
 
Department of Management 
India International Trade Fair 2024 
Organiser :  Maharaja Agrasen Institute of Technology , Department of Management 
Date :   Nov  19th  , 2024 
Timings :  10:00 am – 2:00 pm 
Venue :  MCX and SEBI stall at IITF 2024 
Faculty Coordinator :  Dr Sukhvinder Singh ,Dr Nitin Walia  & Dr Anju Bharti 
 
The visit to IITF, New Delhi was organized for MBA students (Batch 2024-26) on 19th 
November,2024 by Department of Management, Maharaja Agrasen Institute of Technology, 
Delhi. The objective of this visit was to provide a great opportunity for students to learn that how 
the businesses find platforms for trade and industry for sourcing, finding buyers, business 
interactions, technology transfer opportunities, test marketing, and market access. 
IITF is the largest integrated trade fair with both B2B and B2C components. It is one of the 
largest trade fairs in the world both in terms of exhibitors and visitor participation and has 
evolved its unique character as an iconic international event.  
28 students along with the faculty coordinators  (Dr Sukhvinder Singh ,Dr Nitin Walia & Dr 
Anju Bharti) visited  the stall of MCX and SEBI, of IITF. The event comprises of guest lectures , 
awareness quizzes ,management  games , competitions etc. 
 
The visit was a great source of learning for students. Students also got an great opportunity to 
clear several doubts regarding  Demat and trading accounts, functioning of SEBI and MCX, IPO 
MAHARAJA AGRASEN INSTITUTE OF TECHNOLOGY 

listing, Malpractices in stock  trading, Career opportunities at SEBI etc. The visit ended with 
light refreshment and group photo session. 
 
The event started with the lecture from Mr Sunil Gakhar (Vice President and Regional Head for 
Business Development at MCX Delh). Mr Sunil Gakhar introduced several concepts of 
Commodities trading to the students. He also explained the importance of Multi Commodities 
Exchange in India. He further elaborated on how students can invest in commodities  
The second part of presentation was taken by Mr Anuj Gupta from HDFC securities , third 
presentation was given by Mr Gyanedra Niraj ,DGM,SEBI and Mr Naveeen Kumar Manager 
SEBI  
The association also organized a quiz programme for the students where many students of  MBA 
first year won prizes in the quiz programme. They also provided healthy refreshments to all 
students . All the student received participation certificate at the event. The students were also 
given MCX Bags at the event 
 
 
The students learnt a lot about the financial markets and the role of SEBI. The visit proved to be 
fruitful under the guidance of faculty coordinators. Also, we extend our heartfelt thanks to Prof. 
(Dr.) Amit Gupta, HoD, MBA, MAIT. We extend our deep gratitude to association of SEBI- 
MCX for arranging such a wonderful visit. 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 

 
Snapshots 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 

