SOURCE_PDF: Dossier-on-Webinar-28May-2020_pdf.pdf

1 
 
 
Maharaja Agrasen Institute of Technology 
Department of Management, MBA 
Dossier 
On 
Webinar on Research Methodology: An Overview 
Held On 
                               28th May   2020 (Thursday) 
 
 
 

2 
 
 
S. No. 
Particulars  
 Page No. 
 
1. 
 
 
Form-A : Proposal to organize an event 
 
 
 3 
 
2. 
 
 
Form B : 
Part I - Aim of the event 
Part II – Abstract 
Part III –Conclusion 
Part IV – Snap Shot 
 
 
 
 
4 
4 
5 
6 
 
Event Incharge: 
Dr. Sukhvinder Singh    :  
 
Assistant Professor 
Mr Nishant Gaur 
   : 
 
Assistant Professor 
 
 
 
 
                                                 Dr. Amit Gupta 
HOD, Department of Management, MBA 
                                         
 
  Prof.( Dr.) Neelam Sharma 
Director, MAIT 
 
 
 
 
 
 

3 
 
FORM A 
 
 
Proposal: 
 
Name of the Event:   Webinar on Research Methodology: An    Overview 
Platform 
 
:  
Cisco Webex 
Date  
 
:         28 th May 2020 
Time  
 
:        11:00 AM – 1:00 PM 
Organized By 
:          Department of Management, MBA, MAIT 
 
 
Motivational Objective of the Event :  
 
Conducting research involves many issues including selection of appropriate study design, 
application of proper sampling technique and adequate sample size, data collection 
procedure, data presentation and application of test of significance. Research methodology is 
the specific procedures or techniques used to identify, select, process, and analyse 
information about a topic .Research methodology webinar plays important role in 
understanding these concepts for fostering research acumen in students. The idea of 
conducting webinar was to enable students to do quality research work during their summer 
projects and internship. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

4 
 
Form B 
 
Part 1 
 
Aim of the event: 
 
This webinar provided students an opportunity to revisit their concepts, tools and techniques 
of research methodology. The webinar helped students  
 
1) To formulate research proposal 
2) To develop suitable research methods and data analytical tools 
3) To draw better conclusions from the analysis. 
4) To write good research project report. 
 
 
Part 2 
 
Abstract: 
 
 
Maharaja Agrasen Institute of Technology,Department of Management (MBA), organized a 
webinar on Research Methodology: an overview on May 28, 2020. The resource person was   
Dr. Gayatri Vishwakarma, Head of Department of Biostatistics, Indian Spinal injuries, 
Centre, New Delhi. Participants were first year students & faculty members of Department of 
management. Objective behind this webinar was to give students an overview of writing a 
research report & research articles.  
Session began with Dr. Sukhvinder Singh, introducing the Resource person followed by a 
welcome address by Dr. Amit Gupta, Head of Department, MBA.  
Dr. Gayatri started her talk by telling students that, research shall always benefit the society,  
She introduced the word  “research” to the audience by sharing her experiences & 
enlightened the audience with the real objective of the research. She also explained that how 
students shall decide their research title or topic, hypothesis, research objective followed by 
research questions. During her talk she introduced the concept of FINER for stating a 
research question. F- Feasible, I- Interesting, N- Novel, E- Ethical & R- Relevant. She shared 
a list of research database that how students can start from basic research & what are the pre 
requisites of research & how to use wildcards in research papers. 
Later in her talk she discussed various types of research designs with the help of relevant 
examples she discussed cross sectional study & longitudinal study. Importance of selection of 
data collection method & dealing with outliers was dealt in detail. Discussion Resource 
person stressed on different types of data like Continuous, Discrete, Ordinal & Nominal Data 
& how as a researcher we shall select measures of central tendency & dispersion to analyses 
the data. 
         

5 
 
Part 3 
 
Conclusion 
 
Dr. Gayatri concluded her presentation with bivariate analysis followed by a question answer 
round. Students came up with questions on selection of authentic sources of data, few 
students shared their research objectives & seek her help in proper structuring of research 
objectives etc.  The session ended with a vote of thanks for the speaker by Mr Nishant Gaur. 
The session was attended by eighty five students.  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

6 
 
 
Snap Shot: 
 
 
 
 

