SOURCE_PDF: Dossier_How_to_become_a_successful_Entrepreneur29052023_pdf.pdf

1 
 
 
Maharaja Agrasen Institute of Technology 
Department of Management, MBA 
                             Dossier  
                                 on 
“How to become a Successful Entrepreneur” 
Held On 
May 29, 2023 
 
 
 

2 
 
 
 
 
S. No. 
Particulars  
 Page No. 
 
1. 
 
 
Form-A : Proposal to organize a Guest Lecture  
 
      
 3 
 
2. 
 
 
Form B : 
Part I -     Aim of the Guest Lecture  
Part II –   Abstract 
Part III –  Conclusion 
Part IV –  Snap Shot 
 
 
 
 
4 
4 
5 
6 
 
 
Faculty Co-ordinator: 
Dr. Vivek Kuchhal , Associate  Professor 
Dr. Sanjeev Kumar, Assistant Professor                          
 
Prof.(Dr.) Amit Gupta 
HOD, Department of Management, MBA 
 
                                        
                                            Prof.( Dr.) Neelam Sharma 
Director, MAIT 
 
 
 
 

3 
 
 
 
FORM A 
 
 
Proposal: 
 
Name of the event: “How to become a Successful Entrepreneur” 
 
Date: 29 May, 2023 (Monday) 
 
Resource Person: Mr Amit Kaul, Founder of several startups and                        
Successful Entrepreneur 
 
Time: 11 AM 
 
Venue: 7 th Block  
 
Organized By: Department of Management (MBA, MAIT) 
 
Faculty Coordinators: Dr.Vivek Kuchhal, Dr. Sanjeev Kumar  
 
 
Motivational Objective of the Activity:  
 
The importance of Entrepreneurship can hardly be over-emphasized in today’s 
competitive world as India wants more job creators than job seekers. It becomes 
even more intense. When it comes to current situation in the world today, where 
most developed economies are going through recession and start-u are doing 
layoffs in large numbers. To unlock the secrets of successful entrepreneurship for 
MBA students of MAIT, it is proposed to organize a session on it with inputs from 
a real startup veteran from the industry. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

4 
 
 
Form B 
 
Part 1 
 
Aim of the event: 
 
The aim of the guest lecture on the topic "How to become a successful 
entrepreneur" is to provide guidance and insights to individuals who aspire to start 
and grow their own businesses. The aim is to help them understand the key 
principles, mind-set, skills, and strategies that can contribute to their success as 
entrepreneurs. 
 
 
Part 2 
 
Abstract : 
The speaker started by discussing the various risks that startup founders take 
in doing a startup. He highlighted that with the increase in online exposure, 
individuals and organisations are more vulnerable to various risks to which 
startups are more vulnerable. 
 
The speaker walked the students through a series of steps which are taken 
by successful entrepreneurs which were as under: 
 
- Finding a worth while IDEA, which affects a large number of people 
or customers in fulfilling their need 
- Explore the Idea in detail in various aspects and its requirements 
- Plan for Scaling up the idea to a level where it becomes profitable 
- Do a pilot run of the scaling model 
- Implement the scaling model 
 

5 
 
He further highlighted that individuals and organisations should be aware 
of the various risks associated with startup funding and take necessary 
expert help at appropriate time in their startup journey. He took student 
queries and answered them with detailed examples from live startup 
scenario today. 
 
Part 3 
 
Conclusion 
 
The speaker provided valuable insights into the topic. The lecture provided 
the students with a better understanding of how to do a successful startup. 
The lecture was fruitful to spread the awareness among students about the 
topic. 
 
 
 
 

6 
 
Snap Shot:    
 
 
                  
 
                             
                   
 

