SOURCE_PDF: Report_on_Guest_Lecture_Entrepreneurship-29May-2023_pdf.pdf

GUEST LECTURE 
on 
How to become a Successful Entrepreneur 
 
 
 
 
 
Organiser: Department of Management, Maharaja Agrasen Institute Of Technology 
Date: 29th May,2023 
Timings: 11:00a.m. 
Venue: Block 7 (Room No. 741) 
Faculty Coordinators: Dr. Vivek Kuchhal and  Dr. Sanjeev Kumar  

A Guest Lecture on “How to become a Successful Entrepreneur” was organised for 
the students of MBA by The Department of Management, MBA, Maharaja Agrasen 
Institute Of Technology on 29th May,2023.  The  resource  person  for  the  event  was  
Mr.  Amit Kaul, Founder, Schoofi, Delhi. The event started at 11:00 a.m. The Guest 
Speaker was welcomed by Dr Anoop Kumar Gupta with a Memento as a token of 
appreciation. 
A brief introduction about the topic of the lecture: 
 
The importance of Entrepreneurship can hardly be over-emphasized in today’s 
competitive world as India wants more job creators than job seekers. It becomes even 
more intense. when it comes to current situation in the world today, where most developed 
economies are going through recession and startups are doing layoffs in large numbers. 
 
To unlock the secrets of successful entrepreneurship for MBA students of MAIT, session 
was organized with inputs from a real startup veteran from the industry. The resource 
person is Mr Amit Kaul, Founder for a number of startups for last 15 years. 
 
The speaker started by discussing the various risks that startup founders take in doing 
a startup. He highlighted that with the increase in online exposure, individuals and 
organisations are more vulnerable to various risks to which startups are more 
vulnerable. 
 
The speaker walked the students through a series of steps which are taken by 
successful entrepreneurs which were as under: 
 
- Finding a worth while IDEA, which affects a large number of people or 
customers in fulfilling their need 
- Explore the Idea in detail in various aspects and its requirements 
- Plan for Scaling up the idea to a level where it becomes profitable 
- Do a pilot run of the scaling model 
- Implement the scaling model 
 
He further highlighted that individuals and organisations should be aware of the 
various risks associated with startup funding and take necessary expert help at 
appropriate time in their startup journey. He took student queries and answered them 
with detailed examples from live startup scenario today. 
 
The speaker provided valuable insights into the topic. The lecture provided the 
students with a better understanding of how to do a successful startup. The lecture was 
fruitful to spread the awareness among students about the topic. 

 
 
 
 
 
 

