SOURCE_PDF: Report_on_IITF_2023_MBA_1A_pdf.pdf

   Maharaja Agrasen Institute of Technology 
Report on  
Visit to 
India Trade Promotion Organisation (ITPO-2023) 
India International Trade Fair 
Pragati Maidan, New Delhi 
 
 
 

Organised By: Department of Management, Maharaja Agrasen Institute of Technology 
in collaboration with Securities Exchange Board of India. 
Date: November 18, 2023 
Venue: India International Trade Fair, Pragati Maidan, New Delhi 
Students: MBA 1 A; Batch (2023-25) 
Faculty Coordinators: Dr. Ritu Gupta, Ms. Neha Sharma & Mr. Nakul Anand 
 
Department of Management, MAIT, GGSIP University organized Business visit to India 
International Trade Fair, Pragati Maidan, New Delhi on November 18, 2023 for the students 
of MBA First Semester, Section A, Batch (2023-25). In total 25 students along with faculty 
members Ms. Neha Sharma, Assistant Professor, Department of Management and Mr. Nakul 
Anand, Assistant Professor, Department of Management.  
The 42 edition of India International Trade Fair (IITF) an annual magnum opus of India Trade 
Promotion Organization (ITPO) is scheduled from November 14-27, 2023.  IITF with B2B 
and B2C components is one of the largest integrated trade fairs. It has wide spectrum of 
Business, Social, Cultural and Educational Dimensions that are weaved together where 
visitors and exhibitors, media persons, marketing professional, social activists, NGOs etc. to 
source their needs and objectives. A number of Government Organizations use this platform 
to spread awareness about their programmes and policies among the public. As such, almost 
all States and Union Territories of Federal Government of India participate in this mega event. 
The theme of IITF 2023 is “Vasudhaiva Kutumbakam: United by Trade”. India is one of the 
20 countries represented in the G20, giving it a voice with its tagline “Vasudhaiva 
Kutumbakam”. It means the world is one family. In line with the G20, the theme shares India's 
ancient wisdom and strength in diverse sectors, perspectives and opinions on key socio-
economic issues and to participate in shaping global economic policies. 
Students thoroughly enjoyed the visit as learning was accompanied by fun activities in the 
form of role play to create awareness on investments and portfolio management, quiz on terms 
and concepts of stock market and trading and tambola game to conceptualize the concepts in 
financial analysis.  
 
 

Few Glimpses 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 

