SOURCE_PDF: mgmt.mait.ac.in_images_pdf_Dossier_on_Industrial_Visit_to_Surya_Roshini_Ltd_07032024.pdf

 
 
 
 
MAHARAJA AGRASEN INSTITUTE OF TECHNOLOGY 
Department of Management, MBA 
Dossier on  
INDUSTRIAL VISIT TO SURYA ROSHNI LIMITED 
(STEEL DIVISION) 
Held on 
March 7th, 2024  
 
 

 
 
 
S.No  
Particulars 
Page no.  
1. 
Form A:- Proposal to 
Industrial Visit Surya Roshni 
Limited 
3 
2.  
Form B:- 
 Part I-Aim of the visit 
 Part II-Abstract  
 Part III:-Conclusion  
 Part IV:- Snap 
 
4  
4  
5  
6 
 
 
Event Incharge:-  
  Dr.Rajiv Jain             :Assistant Professor 
Dr.Neeru gupta          :Assistant Professor 
 
 
 
Dr.Amit Gupta  
HOD, Department of Management,MBA 
 
 

 
 
 
FORM A  
Proposal: 
Name Of the Event:      Industrial visit to Surya Roshni Limited (Steel division) 
Location:                        Bahadurgarh, Haryana 
Date:                               7th March, 2024 
Time:                               9:00 AM - 1:00 PM  
Organised By:                Department Of Management, MBA, MAIT  
 
Motivational Objective of the visit:  
 
1. Industrial visits provide the students with an opportunity to learn practically through 
interaction, working methods and employment practices.  
2. The practical knowledge of how a business can be started and what are the real life challenges 
being faced can only be learned through having practical experience from industrial visits.  
 
 

 
 
 
FORM B  
Part 1  
Aim of the Event:  
Industrial visit provides students a much relevant practical perspective of the actual work place 
and the larger world of business. Industrial visits grant the students a great opportunity to 
interact with industries and know more about industrial environment. 
Part 2  
Abstract  
As a part of the course curriculum of MBA, a one-day Industrial visit was organised on       7th 
March, 2024 MBA first year students of Section C to Surya Roshni Limited (Steel division) at 
Bahadurgarh, Haryana. Surya Roshni Limited is a leading name in the Indian steel and lighting 
industry. The company’s steel division specializes in manufacturing a wide range of steel 
products, including pipes, strips, and tubes, catering to various sectors such as construction, 
automotive, and infrastructure. 
Surya Roshni started in 1973 with making Steel Tubes, and has grown by leaps and bounds to 
become one of the largest Steel Pipes and Lighting companies in India. With sales of INR 7,997 
crores in FY 2022-23, Surya Roshni is one of the largest conglomerates in India, with exports 
to over 50 countries around the world. The Surya and Prakash Surya brands stand for quality, 
innovation and the latest technology. 
The visit was guided by two professionals from Surya Roshni Limited. We were divided into 
two groups of 20 each & then the visit started with a tour of the steel melting shop, where raw 
materials like iron ore, coal, and limestone are melted in a blast furnace to produce molten 
steel. We observed the hot rolling process, where molten steel is transformed into various 
shapes and sizes. The precision and speed of the process were impressive. 
We observed the hot rolling process, where molten steel is transformed into various shapes and 
sizes. The company showcased its adoption of cutting-edge technologies and automation in the 
manufacturing process, which has significantly increased efficiency and reduced human error. 
The visit included interactive sessions with various professionals, including engineers, quality 
control analysts, and management staff. They provided valuable insights into the industry’s 
challenges, career opportunities, and future trends. 

 
 
 
Part 3  
Conclusion  
The industrial visit to Surya Roshni Limited (Steel division) was an insight into the real 
working environment, systems, and interact with highly trained and experienced personnel. 
Students also had interactive session with HR & technical expert of Surya Roshni Limited. 
They acquainted us about there current financial position, their future prospects, recent  
 
 

 
 
 
Snapshots 
 
 
 
 

