SOURCE_PDF: mgmt.mait.ac.in_images_pdf_Alumni_Meet_dossier_2020.pdf

1 
 
 
Maharaja Agrasen Institute of Technology 
Department of Management, MBA 
Dossier  
on 
‘Alumni Meet ’ 
 
Held On  
February 15, 2020 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

2 
 
 
S. No. 
Particulars  
 Page No. 
 
1. 
 
 
Form-A : Proposal to organize an event 
 
      
 3 
 
2. 
 
 
Form B : 
Part I -     Aim of the event 
Part II –   Abstract 
Part III –  Conclusion 
Part IV –  Snap Shot 
 
 
 
 
4 
4 
5 
6 
 
 
Faculty Co-ordinators: 
 
Ms. Kalpana Sharma  
Assistant Professor 
Mr. Rajiv Jain                 Assistant Professor 
Dr. Anju Bharti               Assistant Professor 
                             
 
 
 
Dr. Amit Gupta 
HOD, Department of Management, MBA 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

3 
 
FORM A 
 
 
Proposal: 
 
• Name of the event:  
"MATES SMRITI 2020" 
 
• Date  
 
 :          February 15, 2020 
 
• Time  
 
 :          11:00AM - 3:00PM 
 
• Venue  
 
:           Main Auditorium 
 
• Organized By 
:   
Department of Management, MBA, MAIT 
 
Motivational Objective of the Activity:  
The main objective of the activity was to facilitate alumni for their contribution throughout 
the year and strengthen their bond with the institution and upcoming batches. Alumni 
network has a real life benefit for current students. Alumni also donate their valuable time to 
offer careers support to current students via their mentoring, work shadowing and 
professional networking opportunities. These enhance the students’ experience and give them 
that competitive edge in today’s tough jobs market.” 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

4 
 
Form B 
 
Part 1 
 
Aim of the event: 
 
The purpose of the said activity is for creating an engaged, supportive alumni network for an 
institution's success. If communication stops once students leave an institution, their 
understanding of the university will become stale. Good alumni relationships bring many 
benefits to both the institution and the alumni. 
 
 
Part 2 
 
Abstract: 
 
The MAIT Alumni Meet “SMIRTI” 2020 was organised at Maharaja Agrasen Institute of 
Technology at Rohini campus on 15th February, 2020. The event started at 10.30 am with the 
registration of the alumni. The program started with lamp lighting ceremony with the 
blessing of goddess saraswati. All alumni were welcomed by our founder Chairman Dr. 
Nand Kishore Garg in the presence of dignitaries including trustee members. As a part of the 
celebrations, an Alumni association of MAIT was also formed. President of the newly 
formed Alumni Association, Mr. Sanjiv Gupta addressed the alumni members by 
highlighting the ways in which alumni can contribute to the Alumni Association. Other 
members of the Alumni Association were also introduced on the stage. This was followed by 
an event called “MEMORIES UNCUT” in which some the MAIT alumni shared their 
experiences of their college life. After the event, vote of thanks was given by Director 
MAIT, Dr. Neelam Sharma.  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

5 
 
Part 3 
 
Conclusion 
 
Batch-year wise photography session of different course streams of MAIT and their alumni 
along with their teachers and respective alumni cell coordinators were taken in front  of the 
Admin block. All the alumni, faculty and staff were then invited for lunch. The alumni were 
given a cup and a folder as a token of their memories with  the Institute. The objective of 
Alumni meet was fulfilled as the present as all the alumni and the faculty of institute met and 
shared their experiences with each other, along with the present students. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

6 
 
Snap Shot 
 
 

