SOURCE_PDF: mgmt.mait.ac.in_images_pdf_Report_International_Trade_Fair_18_Nov_2022.pdf

 
 
 
 
MAHARAJA AGRASEN INSTITUTE OF TECHNOLOGY 
 
 
Report on visit 
 To 
International Trade Fair 2022  
Pragati Maidan, 
 New Delhi - 110001 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
          
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

Organised by 
Department of Management, MBA, Maharaja Agrasen Institute of         
Technology, Delhi in collaboration with Bombay Stock Exchange 
 
Date 
18th November, Friday, 2022 
 
Venue 
International Trade Fair 2022 
Pragati Maidan, New Delhi - 110001 
 
Faculty Coordinator 
Dr. Ritu Gupta 
 
 
Department of Management, MBA, MAIT, GGSIP University organized Business visit to 
International Trade Fair 2022, Pragati Maidan, New Delhi 110001 on 31st  October, 2022.  
 
The students (46) along with the faculty (Dr. Ritu Gupta, Dr. Neeru Gupta, Mr. Ankur Ahuja 
& Ms. Nisha Aggarwal ) arrived at Pragati Maidan by 10:00 am for the trade Fair. The India 
International Trade Fair, ever since its inception in 1980, has evolved as a major event for the 
business community. It is a premier event organized by the India Trade Promotion 
Organization (ITPO), the nodal trade promotion agency of the Government of India. The event 
is held between 14–27 November every year at Pragati Maidan, New Delhi, India. 
 
The Theme of 41st IITF 2022 was “Vocal for Local, Local to Global.” Apart from this theme 
Central ministries, commodity boards, state-owned units like KVIC, Department of Income 
Tax, customs, Ministry of Ayush, National Jute Board, and the RBI also displayed the 
achievements of their sectors. 
 
 
 

 
Our Department of Management's MBA Faculty collaborated to host a special session with 
BSE Stock Exchange and the security exchange board of India, the main focus of the session 
was to acquaint the students with the numerous facets of investments. The Keynote Speaker 
was Mr. Harbinder Singh Sokhi (Manager, Investment Protection fund) ,who spoke about 
theme of this year “Nivesh Ka Amrit  kaal” and how SEBI is working in association with the 
other security exchanges to provide the  spectrum to Indian stock market by regulating , 
developing and protecting the market for the investors .After the brief introduction of the 
investments, Mr. Sokhi invited Mr. Surendar Kumar Gupta  (Director - Star Finvest Pvt Ltd to 
investors for safe and good investment) to give his insights on  What makes early investments 
advantageous. Mr. Gupta introduced us to various benefits of investing in equities or Index 
Funds and how this investment's return might assist us in the inflation  
timeframe Following the crucial details Mr. Gupta offered regarding the various types of 
securities and their return on investment, Ms Amanjot Kaur (Director , IFM services) presented 
us about sound financial habits and the power of compounding's advantages that can lead to 
investment wisdom. Ms. Kaur discussed Long-term investments like SIPs and other types of 
investments that can serve as the foundation for retirement funds. Additionally, this lesson 
taught students about the several risk factors that can be used for the relevant Investments, to 
determine the level of risk we are willing to accept for profits. 
 
 
Followed by Ms. Kaur , one Quiz was organised by BSE Stock exchange  in guidance of Mr 
Rajeev Ranjan Jha (Editor, deshmanthan, sharemanthan and print magazine Nivesh Manthan.) 
, who  asked students about the different  Questions Related to stock Market and Investments 
, and awarded students who answered  the on the spot questions .  
 
Overall students learned a lot about investing in this session. They get clarity about investment 
routes and safe investment principles-related topics. Students enjoyed the whole visit.  
 
 

  
 
 
 
Snap shots: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
    
 

