SOURCE_PDF: mgmt.mait.ac.in_images_pdf_-_REPORT-MBA-FDP25072022_-_edited.pdf

MAHARAJA AGRASEN INSTITUTE OF TECHNOLOGY 
DEPARTMENT OF MANAGEMENT 
 
 
Report on 
 
Five Days Faculty Development Program 
on 
“Advanced Research Methods: A Qualitative and Quantitative Approach” 
(25 -29 JULY, 2022) 
 
Resource Persons: Dr Jaspreet Kaur, Associate Professor 
Pearl Academy 
And 
Dr. Pooja Goel, Professor, Shaheed Bhagat Singh College, 
University of Delhi  
 
Convener: Dr. Amit Gupta, HOD, MBA, MAIT 
Faculty Coordinators of FDP: Dr. Anoop Kumar Gupta, Dr. Sanjeev Kumar, 
Dr. Sukhvinder Singh. 
 

 
 
Topic: Advanced Research Methods: A Qualitative and Quantitative Approach 
 
Venue: Room No 743, Block 7, MAIT Campus 
 
Faculty Coordinators: Dr Anoop Kumar Gupta, Dr Sanjeev Kumar & Dr Sukhvinder Singh 
 
 
 
The Department of Management, MBA, MAIT organized a five days offline Faculty 
Development Program (FDP) on “Advanced Research Methods: A Qualitative and Quantitative 
Approach" (25th July to 29th July 2022). The resource persons were Dr. Jaspreet Kaur, Associate 
Professor, Pearl Academy and Dr Pooja Goel, Professor, Shaheed Bhagat Singh College, 
University of Delhi. The group of participants included Faculty members and Research Scholars 
from various prominent Universities and Institutions of Delhi/NCR and North India. 
INAUGURAL: 
 
The FDP commenced with an inaugural program that started with a brief introduction about the 
Institute given by Dr Sukhvinder Singh, FDP Coordinator. It followed up with Saraswati Vandana 
and lighting of the lamp by the dignitaries. Then the theme of the FDP program was introduced 
to the dignitaries and participants by the FDP Coordinator Dr. Anoop Kumar Gupta. The welcome 
speech was given by the Director, MAIT, Prof. (Dr.) Neelam Sharma. Due to some urgent work, 
Dean (Academics) Prof. (Dr.) S.S. Deswal couldn’t come but sent his good wishes, which were 
communicated to the audience by Dr. Anoop Kumar Gupta. The Dignitaries were welcomed by 
presenting them saplings. Thereafter, Dr Jaspreet Kaur briefly spoke about the significance of 
Qualitative Research and its relevance in today’s research.  
The inaugural session concluded with a vote of thanks by Prof. (Dr.) Amit Gupta, HOD-MBA, 
MAIT. A total of over 55 participants were present in the inaugural session. The Inaugural session 
was followed by High Tea. 

Day 1 – 25 July, 2022 – Session 1 
 
It started at 11:30 am. Dr. Jaspreet Kaur started the session on Qualitative Research with very 
innovative examples as to how this type of research brings up research gaps in focus and new 
concepts to light. 
The following topics were covered in Session 1: 
 
• Introduction to different types of Qualitative Research 
 
• Coding of Text files (word and pdf), video data files and images in NVivo software 
Practical examples were discussed with a step-by-step approach. Participants learnt the practical 
concepts very well and practiced it on their laptops. It was followed by Lunch break. 
 

 
 
 
 
 
Day 1 – 25 July, 2022 – Session 2 
 
Session started at 2.00 pm. Dr Jaspreet Kaur started the session with very innovative examples to 
summarize the first session. The following topics were covered in Session 2: 
• Word Cloud, Sentiment formation, Text search in NVivo 
 
• Social media analysis with NCapture in NVivo. 
 
Participants learnt the practical concepts very well and practiced it on their laptops. 

 
 
 
Day 2 – 26 July, 2022 – Session 1 
 
It started at 10.00 am. Dr Jaspreet Kaur started the session on Qualitative Research with a 
discussion about Literature Review. which then progressed to Systematic Literature Review. She 
demonstrated as to how SLR is different from the traditional literature review approach and 
discussed its’ applications.  
The following topics were covered in Session 1: 
• Systematic Literature Review 
 
• Steps in the review process 
 
• Procedure with an example of an A category paper 
 
Practical examples were discussed with a step-by-step approach. Participants learnt the practical 
concepts very well and practiced it on their laptops. It was followed by a 15minute tea-break. 
Day 2 – 26July, 2022 – Session 2 
 
It started on 11.15 am. Dr Jaspreet Kaur continued the session on Systematic Literature Review 
by moving on to Meta Analysis, a related concept. She covered in detail the process and various 

steps in calculating the effect size in Meta analysis. 
Participants learnt the practical concepts very well and practiced it on their laptops. 
 
It was followed by Lunch break. 
 
Day 2 – 26July, 2022 – Session 3 
 
It started on 2 pm. Dr Jaspreet Kaur continued the session on Meta Analysis and explained its 
significance with practical examples. 
In particular, the following topics were covered by her: 
 
• Examining heterogeneity values in Meta Analysis (I square and Q value) 
 
• Sub Group analysis and Meta-regression (applying moderators in Meta-analytical studies) 
Participants learnt the practical concepts very well and practiced it on their laptops. It was 
followed by the Tea before the conclusion of the day. 
Day3 – 27July, 2022 – Session 1 
 
It started at 10.00 am. It was taken by the second resource person, Dr Pooja Goel, Professor, 
Shaheed Bhagat Singh College, New Delhi. 
Dr Pooja Goel started the session on explaining the significance of Exploratory Factor Analysis 
(EFA) in Quantitative Research. She provided a systematic, evidence-based guide to the conduct 
of EFA studies that can be followed by researchers with modest statistical training, supplemented 
with an example to illustrate its application. 
Practical examples were discussed with a step-by-step approach. Participants learnt the practical 
concepts very well and practiced it on their laptops. Session was followed by a tea-break. 
Day 3 – 27 July, 2022 – Session 2 
 
It started on 11.15 am – Dr Pooja Goel started this session by covering another research software 
called AMOS, which is used for covariance based structural equation modelling. She covered its 
theories and practical applications by examples on AMOS software. The session was followed by 
lunch break. 

Day 3 – 27 July, 2022 – Session 3 
 
It started on 2 pm – Dr Pooja Goel started this session by continuing to cover different functions 
under AMOS. Basics of CFA were specifically covered in the session. Participants learnt the 
practical concepts very well and practiced the exercises provided on their laptops. 
It was followed by the Tea break before the day was called off. 
 
 
Day 4 – 28July, 2022 – Session 1 
 
It started at 10 am. Dr Pooja Goel, continued on the concepts she discussed on Day 3 on CFA and 
AMOS. She specifically covered the concepts and applications related to “Testing Reliability and 
Validity in CFA”. Practical examples were discussed with a step-by-step approach. Participants 
learnt the practical concepts very well and practiced it on their laptops. It was followed by a tea-
break. 
Day 4 – 28 July, 2022 – Session 2 
 
It started on 12 pm – Dr Pooja Goel started this session by covering another significant aspect of 
various statistics used to measure the CFA model and its model fit definitions and 

recommendations. It was followed by lunch break. 
Day 4 – 28 July, 2022 – Session 3 
 
It started on 2 pm – Dr Pooja Goel started this session by continuing to cover different functions 
under CFA and SEM. The following concepts were specifically covered: 
• Zero order, First order, Second order CFA 
 
• Higher order effects in SEM 
 
Participants learnt the practical concepts very well and practiced the exercises provided on their 
laptops. It was followed by the Tea break before the day was called off. 
 
 
 
 
Day 5 – 29 July, 2022 – Session 1 
 
It started at 10 am. Dr Pooja Goel, continued on the concepts she created on Day 3 and 4 on CFA 
and AMOS. She specifically covered practical aspects of working on SEM (in AMOS software) 
with hands on practice session with participants. 
Practical examples were discussed with a step-by-step approach. Participants learnt the practical 
concepts very well and practiced it on their laptops. It was followed by a tea-break. 
Day 5 – 29 July, 2022 – Session 2 
 
It started on 12 pm – Dr Pooja Goel concluded the session on CFA and AMOS. She then moved 

on another significant topic of “Research Paper writing for High Impact Publications”. 
She specifically discussed the aspects of paper writing which are often neglected by researchers 
and leads to rejections by good journals. It was followed by lunch break. 
Day 5 – 29 July, 2022 – Session 3 – VALEDICTORY Session 
 
It started on 2 pm – Dr Pooja Goel started the session by continuing to cover critical aspects of 
research paper writing. It was followed by some interesting Q&A sessions. 
This was followed by a brief valedictory session.  
Participation certificates were distributed by Director MAIT Prof. (Dr.) Neelam Sharma, Dean 
Academics Prof. (Dr.) S.S. Deswal and HOD Prof. (Dr.) Amit Gupta to various participants who 
attended the FDP. Prof. (Dr.) Amit Gupta, Head of Department delivered a vote of thanks to the 
resource person, participants and all the people who were directly and indirectly associated with 
this FDP. The session ended with feedback from some of the participants. Overall, it was a good 
learning experience for the participants. 

