SOURCE_PDF: Dossier_on_Mock_Stock_Competition_pdf.pdf

1 
 
 
Maharaja Agrasen Institute of Technology 
Department of Management, MBA 
                             Dossier  
                                 on 
‘Mock Stock Competition’ 
Held On 
November 29, 2023 
 

2 
 
 
S. No. 
Particulars  
 Page No. 
 
1. 
 
 
Form-A : Proposal to organize an event 
 
      
 3 
 
2. 
 
 
Form B : 
Part I -     Aim of the event 
Part II –   Abstract 
Part III –  Conclusion 
Part IV –  Snap Shot 
 
 
 
 
4 
4 
5 
6 
 
 
Faculty Co-ordinators: 
Dr. Neeru Gupta, Assistant Professor 
Dr. Ritu Gupta, Assistant Professor 
 
Student Coordinators: 
Nancy Garg & Divneet Kaur Shah 
 
 
 
Prof.(Dr.) Amit Gupta 
HOD, Department of Management, MBA 
 
                                        
                                            Prof.( Dr.) Neelam Sharma 
Director, MAIT 

3 
 
 
FORM A 
 
Proposal : 
 
Organizer: Department of Management, Maharaja Agrasen Institute of Technology 
In association with: BSE Institute ltd. 
Date: 29th November, 2023 
Time: 11 am 
Venue: Block 7 (Room no. 741) 
 
Motivational Objective of the Activity:  
 
The objective of this event was to enhance participants' real world experience of 
stock market. The event will provide an opportunity to learn how the actual 
market works, in a risk-free environment leaving them more informed and 
empowered in navigating the intricacies of stock markets. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

4 
 
Form B 
 
Part 1 
 
Aim of the event: 
 
The aim of the event was to enhance decision making skill along with some tips 
to money management. It will be a great way to learn about the stock market and 
hone investment skills without risking real money. After the event, the students 
will be able to learn how to take informed decision for any investment in stock 
market  
 
 
Part 2 
 
Abstract : 
A Mock Stock Competition was organized by The Department of Management, 
Maharaja Agrasen Institute of Technology in association with BSE Institute ltd., 
on 29th November, 2023. Mr. Sanjeev Das, Faculty and Ms. Kriti Rastogi, 
councellor  from BSE Institute ltd., conducted the event along with coordinators 
from MAIT. 
The event started at 11 am with welcome of our guests with a sapling. It was 
followed by the briefing to all the volunteers about their roles and duties during 
the competition as well as the briefing to participating teams regarding the rules 
for the competition by Mr. Sanjeev Das. 
A total of 16 teams (2 member each) participated in the competition. Each team 
was given a sauda sheet, 500 shares 10 companies and ₹25 lakhs cash in hand for 
trading with the other teams. Each team had to react according to the news 
highlighted regarding the companies and then make a decision to either buy or 
sell their shares. On the agreement with the terms of trading, both the teams had 
to get their transaction registered with the company managers (volunteers). Each 
team had to be involved in a minimum of 7 trades during the given 75 minutes. 
The winning team would be the one with highest portfolio value (with minimum 
of ₹5 lakhs cash in hand left). 
 

5 
 
Part 3 
 
Conclusion 
 
The event was informative and insightful as it helped students gain real world 
experience, of how the actual market works, in a risk-free environment. It helped 
students to make their own decisions as well as working in teams. 
The competition was concluded with announcement of winners by Mr. Sanjeev 
Das. Kunal and Simarpal from MBA 3rd Semester, secured 1st position ; Anuj and 
Naman from MABS secured 2nd position and  Shreya and Prarthna from BBa 3rd 
Sem got 3rd position.  The event concluded with distribution of certificates. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

6 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Snap Shot: 
 

7 
 
 

8 
 
 

9 
 
 

10 
 
 

11 
 
 

12 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

13 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
                        
 
                              
 
 
 
                        
 

