SOURCE_PDF: Farewell_2023_MBA_batch_2021-23_pdf.pdf

Maharaja Agrasen Institute of Technology 
Department of Management 
Report on Farewell Party [MBA (2021-23)] 
 
Date: June 08, 2023 
Venue: MBA Block 7 
Organised By: Department of Management 
Farewell Batch: MBA (2021-23) 
Time: 10:30 AM Onwards 
 
 

Maharaja Agrasen Institute of Technology (MAIT), Department of Management organized a 
grand farewell party “adios amigos” on June 08, 2023 at MBA Block 7 under the guidance of 
Prof. (Dr.) Neelam Sharma, Director, MAIT; Prof. (Dr.) S.S. Deswal, Dean, MAIT and Prof. 
(Dr.) Amit Gupta, HOD- Management. The program was successfully organised by teachers 
and students of MBA first year for the outgoing students of MBA final year with great 
enthusiasm.  
The program began with the words of wisdom and encouragement by Prof. (Dr.) Neelam 
Sharma, Director, MAIT and Prof. (Dr.) S.S. Deswal, Dean, MAIT.  
 
Thereafter, Prof. (Dr.) Amit Gupta, HOD- Management inspired students by his thought 
proving speech and wished good luck for future endeavours, appreciated their efforts and 
shared some memories. He inspired young minds with his eloquent speech and expressed his 
hope that students will continue holding top positions in the university and corporate. 
 
After the formal function, fun began with exciting activities organised by the juniors. The main 
attraction of the event was title (tags) distribution to the individual final year students based on 
their actions, practices and perceived traits in the last two years on the campus. Some of the 
exciting titles were Ms. Style Icon, Mr. Fitness Freak, Ms. Mastmaula, Ms. Sweet & Chilly, 
Mr. Silent King, Ms. Follow me, etc. Thereafter, mementos were also distributed to the 
individual final year students as a token of love and blessings from the department. The most 
interesting part of the event was the selection of Mr. & Ms. Farewell. Luv Marwah and Tanya 
Shrivastav were felicitated with the title Mr. Farewell and Ms. Farewell respectively. The 
program continued with the mesmerising and electrifying performances in the form of dance, 
poetry recitation, singing by the juniors enjoyed by all. During the program, students continued 
to take selfie at the Selfie Booth, specially created for them and citing their memories on the 
memory board sharing the feeling of nostalgia. It was an incredible day hosted and organized 
by juniors. 
 
The farewell party concluded with the vote of thanks and blessings from teachers to the 
outgoing MBA batch followed by the refreshments arranged by the department. The party 
ended by capturing memories with photo sessions. Thus, an environment geared with 
enthusiasm, high energies, immense pleasure and stamps of amazing memories was 
experienced and it was a memorable event for all in the department.  
 

Glimpses of the Event: 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 

