SOURCE_PDF: -_Report_11_Apr_2023_Guest_Lecture_pdf.pdf

GUEST LECTURE 
 
on 
Mitigating Cyber Risks in Ever Increasing Online Exposure of the 
Users 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Organiser: Department of Management, Maharaja Agrasen Institute Of Technology 
 
Date: 11th April,2023 
Timings: 11:00a.m. 
 
Venue: Block 7 (Room No. 751) 
Faculty Coordinators: Dr. Sanjeev Kumar and Dr. Anoop Kumar Gupta 

A Guest Lecture on “Mitigating Cyber Risks In Ever Increasing Online 
Exposure Of The Users” was organised for the students of MBA by The 
Department of Management, MBA, Maharaja Agrasen Institute Of Technology on 
11
th April,2023. The resource person for the event was Mr. Ashutosh Bahuguna 
(Scientist E), CERT- In, Delhi. The event started at 11:00 a.m. The Guest Speaker 
was welcomed by Prof. (Dr.) Amit Gupta with a Memento as a token of 
appreciation. 
A brief introduction about the topic of the lecture:  
Cyber-attacks hit businesses and private systems (used by individuals) every day, and 
the variety of attacks is ever increasing. According to former Cisco CEO John 
Chambers, “There are two types of companies: those that have been hacked, and those 
who don’t yet know they have been hacked.”  
The motives for cyber attacks are many. One is money. Cyber attackers may take a 
system offline and demand payment to restore its functionality. Ransomware, an 
attack that requires payment to restore services, is now more sophisticated than ever. 
Corporations are vulnerable to cyber-attacks, but individuals are targets too, often 
because they store personal information on their mobile phones and use insecure 
public networks. So, it is important to understand the emergent cyber risks involved in 
poor cyber hygiene. 
 
The speaker started by discussing the various risks that individuals and organisations 
face in today’s online environment. He highlighted that with the increase in online 
exposure, individuals and organisations are more vulnerable to cyber-attacks, such as 
double extortion, triple extortion, and ransom ware attacks. 
 
The speaker walked the students through a series of slide and discussed the 
importance of mitigating cyber risks and emphasized the need for individuals and 
organisations to adopt a proactive approach to cyber security. He highlighted that 
individuals and organisations should be aware of the various cyber threats and 
should take necessary precautions to safeguard themselves against these threats. 
 
The event was highly informative and engaging. The speaker provided valuable 
insights into the topic. The lecture provided the students with a better understanding 
of cyber security and ways to mitigate it. The lecture was fruitful to spread the 
awareness among students about the topic. 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 

