SOURCE_PDF: mgmt.mait.ac.in_images_pdf_Report_on_A_Session_by_Mr._Deepankar_Anand_7th_Oct_20.pdf

A SESSION  
ON 
OVERVIEW OF ADVANCE ANALYTICS PRACTICE  
&  
CUSTOMER TARGETING 
 
Organizer: Department of Management (MBA), Maharaja Agrasen Institute of Technology 
Date: October 7, 2020 
Timings: 4:30 PM onwards 
Venue: Online through Ms Teams 
Teacher Coordinators: Mr. Nitin Walia, Dr Anoop Kumar Gupta, Mr. Rajiv Jain, Dr. Ritu Gupta,  
Mr. Ankur Ahuja 
Student Coordinators: Manya Bansal, Swati Gupta, Priya Madan, Deepanshu Khurana, Mukta Jain, 
Ojaswi, Tamanna Mittal 
Presenter: Manya Bansal & Swati Gupta  

An interactive session on “OVERVIEW OF ADVANCE ANALYTICS PRACTICE & 
CUSTOMER TARGETING? ’’ was organized for MBA students batch 2019-2021 by the 
Department of Management (MBA), Maharaja Agrasen Institute of Technology on 7th October 
2020. The speaker for the session was Ms. Deepankar Anand, alumni of MBA batch 2008-10. He 
is currently the Analytics Manager at Absolutdata. 
The main purpose for conducting the session was to make students understand the scope of 
advance analytics in the business world and how by working on certain skills, students can open 
up job opportunities/ campus placements for themselves in such an uncertain environment. 
Mr. Deepankar has more than 10 years of experience in Client Engagement, Statistical 
Modeling, Machine Learning, Data Science, Methodology & Consulting. And have worked 
with Evalueserve, EXL Inductis & eDynamic LLC in Credit risk & Marketing modelling 
functions. He has done his PGPDM from the University of Chicago, MBA and BTech in 
Electronics & Communication from GGSIPU and have hands-on experience in diverse 
industries like Banking, Utilities, CPG, Retail & Hospitality across US, UK & Canada. 
The session by him was really interesting as he walked us down through the depths of data 
analytics and how crucial it is for making important decisions. He through his own experiences 
enlightened us on some important skills one should have to be able to have a great career. Some 
of the skills which he emphasized on were MS Excel, strong communication skills, great 
presentation skills, expertise in languages like Python, VBA, SAS etc., tools and techniques of 
marketing analytics and data modelling. 
The whole session by him was presented intricately with an informative presentation. He shared 
that cracking an interview is a crucial step towards one's dream job and therefore students 
should start focusing on the aspects like presentation skills, effective communication, general 
awareness about the domain, its impact in the corporate world in addition to the related 
technical skills and acumen.  

He also discussed that companies want to hire confident people for industries, train them for 
new digital technologies and allocate them new projects. He encouraged every participant to 
look through new emerging sectors and be prepared for upcoming opportunities. 
The session was concluded by a vote of thanks. A total of 75 participants took part in it and it 
was a one-hour session. It was such an interesting and insightful session that helped many 
students clear their doubts and queries regarding the future job opportunities in the data 
analytics domain. 
                                    
 
 
 
 

