SOURCE_PDF: mgmt.mait.ac.in_images_pdf_Dossier_on_ncdex_report22Feb2020.pdf

1 
 
 
Maharaja Agrasen Institute of 
Technology 
Department of Management, MBA 
Dossier  
On 
Workshop on Commodity Derivative Market & NICR’s Online 
Commodity Certification Course 
 
Held On 
22 February,2020 
 
 

2 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
S. No. 
Particulars  
 Page No. 
 
1. 
 
 
Form-A : Proposal to organize an event 
 
 
 3 
 
2. 
 
 
Form B : 
Part I - Aim of the event 
Part II – Abstract 
Part III –Conclusion 
Part IV – Snap Shot 
 
 
 
 
4 
4 
5 
5 
 
Workshop Convener: 
Dr. Amit Gupta                 
 
 
HOD (MBA) 
 
Workshop Coordinators: 
Dr. Ritu Gupta & 
Dr. Neeru Gupta 
 
 
Prof.( Dr.)Neelam Sharma 
Director, MAIT 

3 
 
FORM A 
 
 
Proposal: 
 
Name of the event: 
Workshop on Commodity Derivative Market & NICR’s Online 
Commodity Certification Course 
Date: 
 
22 February, 2020 
Duration:                      
 One day 
Venue: 
 
Seminar Hall, 9th block, Room No-996 
Organized By: 
 
Department of Management (MBA, MAIT) 
 
Motivational Objective of the Workshop:  
 
The objective of this intensive workshop is to provide students a sound and practical 
understanding of the mechanics, pricing and applications of commodity derivative 
instruments. This programme assumes that students will be familiar with the basic concepts 
of derivatives. The session will start with overview of commodity derivatives, thereafter 
different strategies of trading mechanism will be discussed in more detail. At the end hand-on 
trading simulation session will be conducted.   The course will also increase skills and 
various applications of derivative instruments, and will enable students how to tailor effective 
hedging strategies. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

4 
 
 
Form B 
 
Part 1 
 
Aim of the event: 
Broad aims of the seminar are: 
 
• To develop an understanding about Commodity market and trading terminology and 
the role of SEBI as a regulator stock exchanges in India. 
• To provide an understanding about various contracts and trading strategies relating to 
commodity market. 
• To provide a platform to increase skills about commodity derivatives and various 
applications of derivative instruments that will enable students in future for making 
career in finance. 
 
 
Part 2 
 
Abstract: 
One day workshop on NICR’S ONLINE COMMODITY CERTIFICATION COURSE 
has been conducted on 22th February 2020, at Maharaja Agrasen Institute of Technology, 
Rohini in order to spread the financial knowledge in terms of the working of commodities 
exchange, trading of the same in the most accurate way to the students.  
The workshop started off with the inaugural ceremony and Chairman of this workshop Dr. 
Amit Gupta, the Head of the Department of Department of MBA, MAIT welcomed the 
gathering. Mr.Aleen Mukherjee, EVP business strategy, NCDEX  delivered his inaugural and 
introductory address. During the Inaugural session, two of our eminent personalities of MAIT 
namely Prof. (Dr.) Neelam Sharma Director, MAIT, Prof. (Dr.) S. S. Deswal, Dean 
(Academics), MAIT showed their presence along with our faculty members and 33 student 
participants of MBA.  
Mr.Aleen Mukherjee, EVP business strategy, NCDEX addressed the students by talking 
about the role of students for the development of society through the knowledge and 
importance of investing in the financial markets and he also elaborated the activities of 
commodities market and NCDEX as a whole in India. In addition, he appreciated the 
Department of MBA for organizing the workshop Also, he wished the college to success in 
the course of time by conducting similar workshops in future.Prof. (Dr.) Neelam Sharma 
Director, MAIT, spoke on the knowledge strength of Department of MBA, MAIT and the 
usefulness of this workshop in the life of students.Finally vote of thanks was proposed by Dr. 
Amit Gupta, the Head of the Department of Department of MBA, MAIT.The entire workshop 

5 
 
was coordinated with the support of our faculty members namely Dr. Ritu Gupta, Assistant 
Professor, MAIT along with Dr. Neeru Gupta, Assistant Professor, MAIT. 
There were four session in the workshop 
Session 1: Introduction to Commodities and its market in India   
Session 2: Commodity Derivatives and Futures Contracts 
Session 3: Basic principles of Hedging, Arbitraging and Speculations 
Session 4: Hands on Trading Simulation to students  
 
The workshop was very interactive and the students participated very enthusiastically by 
participating in hands on trading simulation session.  
 
Part 3 
 
Conclusion 
 
The workshop was very interactive and the students participated very enthusiastically by 
participating in hands on trading simulation session. The complete content of the workshop 
was highly informative and was very appreciated by the students.  
 
Snap Shot: 
 
 
 
 

