SOURCE_PDF: mgmt.mait.ac.in_images_pdf_Report_4th_NATIONAL_SEMINAR_26_May_2023.pdf

 
 
MAHARAJA AGRASEN INSTITUTE OF TECHNOLOGY 
(ISO:9001:2015 Certified) 
Approved by AICTE, Ministry of HRD, Govt. of India 
              (Affiliated to Guru Gobind Singh Indraprastha University, Delhi) 
 
Department of Management 
 
Report on 4th National Seminar 
 
4th NATIONAL SEMINAR 
ON 
“EMERGING PARADIGMS IN MANAGEMENT:  
TRENDS, CHALLENGES & OPPORTUNITIES”[Building Sustainable Roadmap for Future] 
 
26th May,2023 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
DATE: May 26, 2023 
 
VENUE: Main Auditorium, MAIT 
ORGANIZED BY: Department of Management  
TIME: 10:30 a.m. - 5:00pm 
CONVENOR: Professor (Dr. ) Amit Gupta 
  FACULTY COORDINATORS: Dr. Anju Bharti, Dr. Neeru Gupta & Dr. Ritu Gupta.  
   
 
 The Department of Management, Maharaja Agrasen Institute of Technology organized  ‘4th National Seminar 
On Emerging Paradigms In Management: Trends, Challenges & Opportunities(Building Sustainable 
Roadmap for Future)’ on May 26th, 2023.The MBA (Ist yr and 2nd yr)and BBA (1st yr) students as well as 
faculty and HoDs of different department of the institute  participated  enthusiastically. There were few 
research scholars from different universities to participate and learn from the eminent speakers of the seminar 
through out the day. There were 330 students in totality from the department who participated in the 
seminar.The seminar was organised  in 3 parts namely: Inaugural Session, Technical Session 1 & Technical 
Session 2 (Valedictory Session) . The seminar was sponsored by GAURS, PSJewellers and Osrik. 
 
Inaugural Session: 
 
The inaugural session started with welcoming the dignitories by the Convener, Prof(Dr.)Amit Gupta along 
with  the faculty Coordinators Dr. Anju Bharti, Dr. Neeru Gupta & Dr. Ritu Gupta. It was followed by lighting 
of lamp by Shri S P Aggarwal (Executive Chairman of MATES) & Dr. Neelam Sharma and by  Guest of 
Honour, Mr. Ranveer Kumar(Assistant Vice President,(Digital & IT solutions), IndusInd Bank.  All 
dignitaries were  felicitated with mementos & saplings. 
 
 Dr. Neelam Sharma, Director, MAIT formally welcomed and addressed the guests, faculty & students  present 
in the auditorium. She was very much impressed by the formal attire & sincere approach of the students 
towards the seminar. She spoke on Greenhouse gases impact, reduction of biodiversity, contribution to society 
& at the end she appreciated the whole organising team for conducting such relevant seminar.  
 
Shri S P Aggarwal, Executive chairman, MATES  addressed the gathering and gave emphasis on the business 
environment. He spoke on  threat & challenges on the environment and the biodiversity.  He further talked 
about the concept of ESG & how it is important for business. 
 

After that our Guest of Honour, Mr. Ranveer Kumar who has experience of more than 20 years in IT & Digital 
Solutions, came forward & started with his session on how sustainable development goals are being achieved 
through inclusion digital financial initiative. His emphasis was on Gen Z & millennials & green banking. 
 
The vote of thanks was given by Prof. (Dr.) Amit Gupta.  He then carried it on by awarding the faculties with 
certificates of appreciation was given to the HoDs of various department and also to the faculty.  It was 
followed by the refreshment distribution to all the participants of seminar.  
TECHNICAL SESSION 1: 
Technical Session 1  had two session chairs and two speakers. 
There were two session chairs Prof.M K Bhat and Dr. Anju Bharti form the department of management. 
The first technical speaker in this session was Mr. Sumit Gupta, Director of McDonald Petz Global 
Commodities India Pvt. Ltd. He started with the story of Greek Mythology & and was talking about how to 
fly! He specifically discussed that people should have big ambitions and strong value system. He has also 
shared some figures of graduate Doctors and an MBA graduate who were involved in jobs showing strong 
morals. He emphasized on entrepreneurship, technology change in the current world, and gave emphasis on  
updating themselves. 
 
The Second speaker was Mr. Sanjeev Raina, Chief General Manager, Bharat Petroleum Corp. Ltd., Mumbai 
who interacted on sustainability and emissions of polluntant and their data from all india which was an eye 
opener. It was followed by taking a pledge for conserving the electricity and for making the best use of 
available natural resources. The session 1 was followed by lunch break. 
 
TECHNICAL SESSION 2: 
 
Technical Session 2 had two session chairs and two speakers. 
There were two session chairs, Dr. Neeru Gupta and Dr. Ritu Gupta 
 Mr. Vishal Khanna, Deputy Director, FICCI, Center for Innovation, Science and Technology 
Commercialization, the first speaker post lunch elaborated on the topic “Sustainable Development through 
Strategy & Skills”. He shared that there are 96,753 DPIIT registered startups in India. He also emphasized on 
five pillars(demographic dividend, infrastructure, demand, technology and Socio-economic growth) through 
lens of innovation and entrepreneurship and shared that 18% of women entrepreneurs are still below the 
poverty line. And with such facts & figures Mr.Vishal concluded his  session.  
 
Mr. Ashok Kumar Gupta, Director, Shalimar Paints, Delhi, the second speaker, talked about “Emerging 
Paradigm for a Sustainable Business and importance of human resources in an organization”. He also 
emphasized on the climate change and the need to save the earth today, so that we can see a better future. He 
took examples of Uber and BlinkIt to explain how they are providing the solutions to problems & not the 

product itself. 
 
The seminar was concluded with a brief “Valedictory Session”, reiterating the learnings from the seminar. 
Professor Dr. Amit Gupta with the Coordinators(Dr. Anju Bharti, Dr. Neeru Gupta & Dr. Ritu Gupta) awarded 
the certificates to all the students who attended the seminar & then the photograph session with the guests was 
done.  
 The students attended the seminar with full enthusiasm and enhanced their knowledge pertaining to various 
aspects of sustainability. Overall, it was an enriching session for one and all. The seminar was successful. 
 
Snap shots: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

