SOURCE_PDF: mgmt.mait.ac.in_images_pdf_MSME_Training_course_Finance_web_report_19022024.pdf

 
 
MAHARAJA AGRASEN INSTITUTE OF TECHNOLOGY 
(ISO:9001:2015 Certified) 
Approved by AICTE, Ministry of HRD , Govt. of India 
 
Ministry of HRD , Govt. of India 
                                                  (Affiliated to Guru Gobind Singh Indraprastha University, Delhi) 
 
 
 
                   Department of Management, MBA 
                                                  Report on 
SIIC, IIT KANPUR A-MDP 
FINANCIAL STRATEGIES FOR VALUE CREATION  
          
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

Organizer: Department of Management, Maharaja Agrasen Institute of Technology 
Date: 19th January to 23th February 
Timings: 9:45 AM to 5:15 PM 
Venue: IIT Kanpur Outreach Center, Sector 62, Industrial Area, Noida, Uttar Pradesh  
Faculty Coordinators: Dr. Sanjeev Kumar  
 
 
A 5days certificate program was offered by SIIC, IIT Kanpur an initiative of 
MSME, Advanced MDP on Financial Strategies for Value Creation. The program 
aimed to provide essential knowledge about Financial Analysis and Planning. The 
agenda behind the program was to apply the various techniques of financial 
decisions in real life situations and their practical application.  
Day1 (Basics of Finance) 
Prof. Jagriti Arora from Great Lake Institute of Management, taught us about 
Financial Analysis and Planning. The techniques for financial forecasting and 
Budgeting. Importance of Ratio Analysis and then taking the important decisions 
in the firm was the prime information we gained. 
 
Day 2 (Financial Management) 
Dr. Timcy Sachdeva from VIPS, IPU shared her valuable teachings about profit 
maximization and wealth maximization. Her expertise helped us to know more 
about major decisions required to be taken in the firm i.e, Financing Decisions, 
Investment Decisions and Liquidity Decisions. 
 
Day 3 (Market Structure) 
Dr. Niti from IIFT, directed the students towards Financial Market Structure and 
Time Value of Money. She showed the students and even made them to practice 
on excel various calculations such as PMT, FV, PV etc. Capital Structure was the 
main topic of discussion. 
 
Day 4 (Mergers , Acquisitions and Divestiture) 
CA Ashish Jain from IIFT, with his 21+years of experience provided students with 
insights on Mergers, Acquisitions and Divestiture. He elaborated the importance 
of synergy and economies of scale. Due Diligence best practices and integration 

panning should be taken into consideration. 
 
Day 5 (Investors and Stakeholders) 
Dr. Meenakshi Gandhi from VIPS, IPU ended the program on the most important 
topic that is Investor Relations and Stakeholder Management. Consumers are the 
prime stakeholders to be taken care of. Techniques for effective communication 
with investors and other stakeholders were also taught.  
 
 
 
The program included interactive lectures, group discussions, case study analysis 
and business life examples. Students provided positive feedback, appreciating the 
hands-on approach, the relevance of the content to MSME challenges, and the 
opportunity to network with peers. The training successfully met its objectives, 
with participants demonstrating a significant improvement in their understanding 
of financial management concepts and expressing confidence in applying these 
skills to their respective businesses 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
Conclusion 
 
This 5 day training program was more than just being a program. It was a valuable 
initiative, contributing to the enhancement of financial management practices among 
participating MSMEs. The positive feedback and outcomes indicate a strong foundation 
for future training programs . 

