SOURCE_PDF: Report_on_International_Trade_Fair25_Nov_2022_pdf.pdf

 
 
 
MAHARAJA AGRASEN INSTITUTE OF TECHNOLOGY 
                      
 
Report  
On 
India Trade Promotion Organisation,ITPO, EDUCATION VISIT 
                                            (Industrial cum Corporate Visit) 
41st India International Trade Fair, IITF, Gate No. 4, Hall No. 5, Pragati Maidan, New Delhi. 
Commodity Participants Association of India, CPAI Stall 04A, (Stall of SEBI) 
 
Organised by: Department of Management, MBA, Maharaja Agrasen Institute of 
Technology, Delhi  
Date: 25th November, Friday, 2022 
Time: 10:30 am – 3.30 pm   
Venue: India International Trade Fair, IITF, Gate No. 4, Pragati Maidan, New 
Delhi,Commodity Participants Association of India, CPAI Associations of members of BSE, 
MCX, NSE, NCDEX, MSEI , (Stall of SEBI) 
No. of students visited: 16, Batch: MBA First Year (1C) (2022-24) 
Faculty Coordinators: Dr. Sukhvinder Singh, Dr. Anju Bharti, Dr. Sanjeev Kumar & Dr. 
Anoop Kumar Gupta 
 
The visit to IITF, New Delhi was organised for MBA students (Batch 2022-24) on 25th 
November,2022 by Department of Management, Maharaja Agrasen Institute of Technology, 
Delhi. The objective of this visit was to provide a great opportunity for students to learn that 
how the businesses find platforms for trade and industry for sourcing, finding buyers, business 
interactions, technology transfer opportunities, test marketing, and market access. 
IITF is the largest integrated trade fair with both B2B and B2C components. It is one of the 
largest trade fairs in the world both in terms of exhibitors and visitor participation and has 
evolved its unique character as an iconic international event.  
The students with the faculty coordinators visited the stall no. 4A, the stall of SEBI, of IITF. 
We were informed more on CPAI, Commodity Participants Association of India (CPAI)  which 
is an all India body of members of the major commodity exchanges of India viz Multi 

Commodity Exchange Ltd. (MCX), National Commodity Exchanges of India Ltd. (NCDEX) 
and National Multi Commodity Exchange of India (NMCE).  
The specific day was dedicated to ‘Bharat ka share bazar’, ‘Nivesh ka Amrit Kaal’. The stall 
was inaugurated by Shri Santosh Kumar Mohanty, Honourable whole-time member, SEBI, 
Shri Amarjeet Singh & Shri G P Garg, Executive Director of SEBI. They discussed through 
their speech about CPAI and how the association is committed to every resource at its disposal 
to achieve its mission of development of a robust Commodity Derivative & Securities Market 
through assistance to Govt. & Regulator, coordination with exchanges, guidance to members 
and education & awareness to investors, producers & consumers through seminars, awareness 
programmes, workshops and e-mails etc.  
The executive director also explained how the CPAI has earned recognition and appreciation 
from the government & the regulator, so much so that the SEBI has included it as a member in 
its Commodity Derivatives Advisory Committee (CDAC) and Risk management Review 
Committee (RMRC).  
He also expressed that CPAI has also been accorded representation in various product advisory 
and other committees by the exchanges. CPAI's industry wide networking capabilities, 
knowledge bank, and outreach programmes will be at the forefront in metamorphosing phase 
of Institutionalisation of Commodities and growing phase of every conventional & alternative 
class exchange-traded instruments. 
 
The association also organised a quiz programme ‘Kaun Banega Informed Investor’ for the 
students. Ridhi and Aakash of MBA first year won prizes in this quiz programme. They also 
provided snacks packet to all of us at the end of the programme. 
 
The students learnt a lot about the financial industries and the role of SEBI. The visit proved 
to be fruitful under the guidance of faculty coordinators. Also, we extend our heartfelt thanks 
to Prof. (Dr.) Amit Gupta, HoD, MBA, MAIT. We extend our deep gratitude to association of 
SEBI- CPAI for arranging such a wonderful visit. 
 
 
 
 

Snap Shots: 
 
  
 
 
 

