SOURCE_PDF: eee.mait.ac.in_pdf_events_april2016.pdf

MAHARAJA AGRASEN INSTITUTE OF TECHNOLOGY 
ELECTRICAL & ELECTRONICS DEPARTMENT 
 
3-Days Industrial Training Program 
 
As a part of Industry-Institute-Interaction, laying stress on the current Yojanas by the 
Government of India for Skill Development, Department of EEE, MAIT organized a 3-Day 
Industrial Training Program on ‘Electricity Transmission & Distribution System’ from 29th – 
31st August 2016. It was conducted by the expert faculty of NPTI, Faridabad and attended by 
hundred students of EEE, final year and few faculty members. 
NPTI & NITIE are the choice of most of the people belonging to Electrical field who want to 
attain additional skills in Power System Engineering & Industrial Engineering respectively. 
They have a good reputation in the country for providing quality skills and have good 
placements too. NPTI also offers one year PGDC program and many such avenues. Keeping 
in view of making our Final Year Students better equipped for placements as well, the 
Training Program was organized in conjunction with NPTI. The motive of this training 
program was to make the students familiar with the real scenario in the field of power.  
 
 
 
 

The inauguration of the 3-Day Training Program was with Ceremonial Lamp-Lighting 
Programme, which was attended by Director General Prof. M.L. Goyal, Dean Dr. S.S. 
Deswal, HOD, EEE Dr. Rajveer Mittal, Deputy Director NPTI Mrs. ______________ and 
Assistant Director NPTI Shri. Mahendra Singh.  The training started with some basic topics 
like energy sources and then gradually shifted towards complex issues like the efficiency 
optimization. The speaker explained the reasons for efficiency to be considered globally 
rather than nationally. 
The second day was marked by a blend of theoretical & practical knowledge on Power 
System. The speaker explained power systems beautifully by making analogy to human 
systems. Then, she talked about grid, is important parameters and one grid, one frequency 
principle. 
Third day was dedicated to solar technology. The faculty of NPTI provided software to 
everyone which is a very useful tool to design a solar panel. This software design can provide 
all the specifications for installing the solar panel according to the location and requirements. 
The students of EEE, Final year and the faculty are grateful to Dr. Rajveer Mittal for 
organizing such an enlightening program. Finally, the faculty of NPTI deserves our 
appreciation for sharing their knowledge and expertise with students. 
 
 
 
 
 

