SOURCE_PDF: Report_on_BSE_Visit_10092024_pdf.pdf

 
                       
 
Report on Industrial Visit to BSE Limited 
 
Date : September 10, 2024 
Timings : 11:00 am 
Venue : BSE Limited, Rajendra Place 
A Visit to BSE limited, Rajendra place was organised to  acquaint students with 
Capital market. Students were tought the basics of Capital markets, the 
terminology used in the markets, various investment avenues, and its working 
from Indian markets scenarios. Students also got some fundamental and 
Technical analysis tips. 
The students with faculty reached the office at 10.30 am. The students were 
given a warm welcome address by Mr. Sanjiv Das (Faculty/Trainer, BSE 
MAHARAJA AGRASEN INSTITUTE OF TECHNOLOGY 

Institute Ltd.) and Ms. Anshu Raheja (Deputy Manager, BSE Institute Ltd.).  
Firstly students were made aware of the investment and the need for early 
investment. They shared the knowledge and insights into the capital markets 
industry, which was garnered over the past 141 years. students recognize the 
importance of financial planning and how the stock market can be a powerful 
tool for wealth creation if approached with the right knowledge and caution. 
Mr. Sanjiv Das emphasised on risk management in stock trading, including the 
need for diversification, understanding market volatility, and identifying 
potential risks in investments. 
Later on, students were exposed to various career opportunities in the financial 
markets, such as equity analysis, stockbroking, investment banking, and 
portfolio management 
This Visit enriched students with the knowledge of capital market and various 
career opportunities. Students learned some trading skills and got tips for 
choosing security for investment.  The students got insights about various job 
profiles available in the securities market. It also fleshes light on different 
certification that can help students in capacity building and getting the job.  
Overall it was a great learning for students. 
 
. 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

