SOURCE_PDF: Dossier_on_Industrial_VisitMother_Dairy02052023_pdf.pdf

1 
 
 
Maharaja Agrasen Institute of Technology 
Department of Management, MBA 
Dossier 
On 
Industrial Visit to Mother Dairy  
Held On 
                 
 02nd  May 2023 
 
        
 

2 
 
 
 
S. No. 
Particulars  
 Page No. 
 
1. 
 
 
Form-A : Proposal to organize an event 
 
 
 3 
 
2. 
 
 
Form B : 
Part I - Aim of the event 
Part II – Abstract 
Part III –Conclusion 
Part IV – Snap Shot 
 
 
 
 
4 
4 
4 
5 
 
Event Incharge: 
Dr. Sukhvinder Singh    :  
 
Assistant Professor 
Mr Nishant Gaur 
  : 
 
Assistant Professor 
 
 
 
                                                 Dr. Amit Gupta 
HOD, Department of Management, MBA 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

3 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
FORM A 
 
 
Proposal: 
 
Name  of the Event: 
Industrial Visit to Mother Dairy Plant , New Delhi 
Location                : Mother Dairy , Vinod Nagar , New Delhi 
Date  
 
:    02nd  May 20223 
Time  
 
:     9:30 AM – 2:30 PM  
Organized By 
:      Department of Management, MBA, MAIT 
 
Motivational Objective of the Guest Lecture 
The objectives of the industrial visit to Mother Dairy were 
1) To understand the importance of milk production in India  
2) To understand operations involved in milk production vis –a -vis Mother Dairy  
3) To understand practical aspects of management such supply chain , logistics ,  sales , 
marketing  and customer relations 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

4 
 
Form B 
 
Part 1 
 
Aim of the event: 
 
The aim of the visit was to sensitize students on the importance and working of milk 
processing set up such as Mother Dairy, The objective was make students aware of the entire 
supply chain process of milk production, starting from sourcing milk from the local villages, 
checking adulterants at common collection centres, ,bringing them to the plant, processing , 
packaging and finally dispatching them to end consumer. It also aimed to understand 
practical aspects of milk production  such supply chain , logistics ,  sales , marketing  and 
customer relations. 
 
Part 2 
 
Abstract: 
 
Maharaja Agrasen Institute of Technology Department of Management organize visit to 
Securities and Exchange Board of India on 02nd May 2023 for MBA – IV semester students. 
Faculty members Dr Sukhvinder Singh and Mr Nishant Gaur accompanied 36 students on the 
visit to Mother Dairy Plant , Vinod Nagar  New Delhi. 
 
Upon arrival students were give welcome drink as flavored milk. The event started with the 
presentation on the Mother Dairy as an organisation. . Later ,Plant Manager engaged students 
in conversation and gave a brief explanation of the importance of milk  , its components, 
white revolution in India and various advantages. 
 
 Through the presentation that was both informative and fascinating, the operations of the 
Mother Dairy plant were also explained to the students of MBA.Students were also shown 
Mother Dairy’s processing facility and were given live demonstrations of many test used to 
determine the purity of milk. The students were also explained about the supply chain and 
logistics involved in collecting and distributing milk . 
 
  
 

5 
 
Part 3 
 
Conclusion 
 
At the end of the visit students were given ice creams to treat themselves. The visit was a 
great source of learning as the operations of Mother Dairy covers various practical aspects of  
management such supply chain , logistics ,  sales , marketing  and customer relations . 
 
 
Snap Shot: 
              
 

