SOURCE_PDF: Dossier-9-May-Webinar_pdf.pdf

1 
 
 
Maharaja Agrasen Institute of Technology 
Department of Management, MBA 
Dossier on 
NOVEL TECHNOLOGY & JOB OPPORTUNITIES AFTER COVID-19 
WEBINAR 
Held On 
May 09, 2020 
 
 
 

2 
 
S. No. 
Particulars  
 Page No. 
 
1. 
 
 
Form-A : Proposal to organize an event 
 
 
 3 
 
2. 
 
 
Form B : 
Part I - Aim of the event 
Part II – Abstract 
Part III – Conclusion 
Part IV –  Snap Shot 
 
 
 
 
4 
4 
6 
7 
 
Session Incharge: 
 Dr. Anju Bharti,                          Assistant Professor 
Ms. Meenakshi Gupta                  Assistant Professor 
 
 
Dr. Amit Gupta 
HOD, Department of Management,MBA,MAIT 
 
Prof.( Dr.) Neelam Sharma 
Director, MAIT 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

3 
 
 
Proposal: 
 
• Name of the event:NOVEL TECHNOLOGY & JOB OPPORTUNITIES  
AFTER COVID-19 
 
• Date:  May 09, 2020 
 
• Time: 12.30pm onwards  
 
• Venue: Online through Zoom Meeting 
 
• Organized By:  Department of Management, MBA,MAIT 
 
Motivational Objective of the Activity: 
 
From last few months, when students, their parents, and educators around the world are feeling 
the extraordinary ripple effect of the novel coronavirus as educational institution are shutting 
down and quarantine methods are being ordered to cope with the global pandemic. The 
institution are collectively doing their best and providing quality education through online for all 
during these difficult times. The faculty trying their best  to help students in providing guidance 
related to education as well as preparing them to take professional responsibilities even in these 
exceptional times.   
 
The main objective of the activity was to make student aware of this COVID- 19 scenario and  
prepare themselves in this tough time with  knowledge and skills and exhibiting their capabilities 
in the areas pertaining to management and entrepreneurship.  
 
 
 
 

4 
 
 
Aim of the event: 
 
The aim of conducting this webinar was to help students as they wereexperiencing a lot of panic 
and uncertainty when it comes to their employment prospects during the coronavirus 
pandemic.The students wereprovided various ideas to boost their employment prospects with a 
proper planning.  
 
Abstract: 
The webinar started at 12:30 p.m. with a welcome speech by Dr. Amit Gupta (HOD) and Dr. 
Anju Bharti (Asst. Professor), Department of Management, MBA, MAIT. 
Dr. PramodKumar(County Head, Tech Mahindra)was the speaker of the webinar. He provided 
useful insights regarding the topic. He gave us insights onthe industry and the uncertainty that is 
prevailing in the environment regarding the job opportunities/ campus placements. 
He shared the data regarding Indian economy and discussed that the economy is quite stronger 
with compare to other countries. He suggested all students should start focusing on the emerging 
technologies like AI, Security, cloud, IoT, block chain etc which is going to lead the future. And, 
to differentiate oneself, they should start embracing the new emerging technologies. 
As data plays a very important role in everybody's life today, data scientist or data analysts’ role 
are in higher demand nowadays. He shared his experiences regarding how technology has 
changed the way everyone works and in today's scenario of COVID-19 technology is playing a 
very vital role. Various centers across the country are using AI for tracing COVID-19 patients, 
finding which areas have patients that are adversely affected, how many have been quarantined 
and to arrive at the projected figure of the COVID-19 suspected patients etc. Also, many digital 
innovations like Arogya Setu was developed which is helping people in saving their lives. He 
also mentioned that forecasted AI revenue is around 36 billion dollars by 2025 and none of the 
industries is planning to spend less than 2 billion dollars, be it healthcare, finance, or any 
business. 

5 
 
He added that lots of opportunities will be generated after covid-19. This can be seen by looking 
at the Balance Sheets of HCL or COGNIZANT etc. HCL has said they will be hiring 15,000 
fresher, cognizant- 20000 freshers, TCS- 25000 freshers and so on. So, covid-19 also has a 
positive side that will be beneficial for everyone. Companies want to reduce the costs because of 
which they will hire new blood from industries, train them for new digital technologies and 
allocate them new live projects.  
He encouraged every participant to look through new emerging technology and to be prepared 
for the upcoming opportunities. 
 
Conclusion: 
The session was concluded by a vote of thanks by Ms. Meenakshi Gupta (Assistant Professor, 
MBA, MAIT). A total of 89 participants took part in it and it was a one-hour session. It was such 
an interesting and insightful session that helped many students clear their doubts and queries 
regarding the future job opportunities. 
The webinar was very fruitful and motivational for the students. Student’s query was handled by 
the speaker and students were satisfied and promised to move ahead. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

6 
 
Snapshot: 
 
 

