SOURCE_PDF: mgmt.mait.ac.in_images_pdf_Report_on_Investment_Awareness1_sept_25_compressed.pdf

PAGE 1
MAHARAJAAGRASEN INSTITUTE OF TECHNOLOGY
Department of Management
REPORT
Investor Awareness Workshop
ON
Financial Wisdom
1st September,2025
Date: 1 September.2025

PAGE 2
Venue: Maharaja Agrasen Institute of Technology
Organized by: Department of Management, MBA, MAIT
Faculty Coordinators: Dr. Neeru Gupta, Dr. Rajiv Jain, Dr. Anju Bharti
Participated by : MBA Students, First year Batch 2025-27
Introduction
An Investor awareness workshop was organized on 1st September, 2025 on topic
‘Financial Wisdom’ at Department of Management, MAIT in collaboration with AMFI.
The workshop was conducted by Mr. Surya Kant Sharma, Senior Consultant, AMFI. The
workshop was attended by 92 First year MBA students (2025-27).
The workshop started with felicitation of the resource person, Mr Surya K. Sharma by
Dean management, Prof. Harbhajan Bansal and HoD Dr. Sangeeta Rawal, Dr. Anju
Bharti and Dr. Rajiv Jain, faculty Coordinators. The introduction of resource person was
given by Dr. Neeru Gupta, faculty coordinator.
The workshop started by the resource person with the basics of introduction of the
importance of savings and financial Planning. The matter was conducted to create
awareness about the declining savings culture in our country and to emphasize the
significance of smart investing and risk management. The session addressed practical
aspects of managing personal finances, especially in the face of inflation and rising living
expenses and also to make understand today’s youth about saving money for future use .
Event Highlights
He gave emphasis on power of compounding and that it is one of the most important
concepts by reinvesting returns, wealth grows exponentially over time. He then explained
in depth about mutual funds and managing risks. He explored the idea of the limit a
person can earn and save through MF via SIP etc.

PAGE 3
He emphasized that investors must assess that how much risk they are willing to take and
the time horizon i.e when will they need the money and that
there was no return without risk. Understanding the risk return trade off is crucial. Low
risk options like LIC and gold provide stability, while equity markets offer higher returns
with higher risk. But using tools like risk management, diversification and asset
allocation can be implemented to protect investments.
At the end he asked few random questions from students and the winners were given
friendship band cum pen drive to the students. The query from students were answered
by the resource person. All students were given the snacks box. It was a successful
workshop with immense learning.
Learning Outcome

Participants gained an understanding of the basics of financial markets,
investment options, and associated risks.

They learned how to make informed investment decisions and avoid fraudulent
schemes.

They developed awareness of investor rights, responsibilities, and regulatory
safeguards.

They are now better equipped to plan and manage their personal finances for
long-term wealth creation.
Snap Shots

PAGE 4

PAGE 5

PAGE 6

PAGE 1

