SOURCE_PDF: ORIENTATION-Report-_30Nov-22_pdf.pdf

 
            MAHARAJA AGRASEN INSTITUTE OF  TECHNOLOGY 
(ISO: 9001:2015 Certified) 
Approved by AICTE, Ministry of HRD, Govt. of India 
(Affiliated to Guru Gobind Singh Indraprastha University, Delhi) 
 
     Department of Management, MBA 
Report 
on 
Orientation (MBA Batch 2022-24) 
The Connect’ 2022 
30th November, 2022 
 
 
 

Date: 30th November’ 2022 
Time: 1 pm Onwards 
Venue: MAIT Campus 
Organised by: Department of Management, MBA, MAIT 
 
 
The Department of Management, MBA, Maharaja Agrasen Institute of Technology organised 
‘The Connect 2022’ on 30th November 2022, an orientation program for the new MBA batch 
of 2022-2024. 
The senior MBA batch enthusiastically welcomed the freshers. It was conducted by the 
seniors to give the new batch an insight about the institution, their fruitful journey in the 
campus and various aspects of the course which could help build bright future from MAIT-
MBA. 
The Session started with the blessings of Maa Saraswati, the goddess of divine knowledge and 
wisdom. The welcome address was given by HoD, Prof. (Dr.) Amit Gupta and he motivated 
students to move ahead in life confidently and make full use of the opportunity provided by 
MAIT to them. 
The faculty members of Department of Management were introduced. The students were given 
an awareness about the various clubs and societies available at MAIT, which could help 
students develop their overall personality. Virtual tours were given to the students on different 
facets being presented, so that they can relate with the institution as much as possible.  
Alumni links are always important and they are real brand ambassadors of any educational 
institution. Video clips from Alumni of various MBA batches from 2008 to 2020 were shown 
to showcase their experiences in this MBA course of MAIT. This communication of their 
learnings from this esteemed institution went a long way in telling the new batch that they have 

joined the right college for their MBA journey. Also, it covered as to how to make best use of 
this time of their career in MBA studies. 
Our Director, Professor (Dr.) Neelam Sharma Mam welcomed the students and motivated them 
through her message so that the students can achieve their ambitions. She shared many 
thought-provoking stories and created curiosity for new achievements among the students. 
The presence of all the students in the orientation programme were appreciated and 
acknowledged by the senior students of MBA. 
All faculty, staff and students were involved to make this Orientation a great success through 
their immense determination and hard work. 
 
 

 


 
 
 

