SOURCE_PDF: mgmt.mait.ac.in_images_pdf_Report_on_MDP_22092023.pdf

MAHARAJA AGRASEN INSTITUTE OF TECHNOLOGY 
DEPARTMENT OF MANAGEMENT 
 
 
Report on 
 
Two Days Management Development Program 
on 
“Executive Leadership Competencies: Be a Leader Who Matters” 
(September 22-23, 2023) 
 
Resource Person: Brig. (Dr.) Sunil Kumar Moudgil (Retd.) 
 
Convener: Prof. (Dr.) Amit Gupta, HOD, Department of Management, MAIT 
Coordinators: Dr. Nitin Walia, Ms. Neha Sharma and Mr. Nishant Gaur 
Co-Coordinators: Dr. Sanjeev Kumar, Dr. Anoop Kumar Gupta and Dr. Sukhvinder Singh 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

Topic: Executive Leadership Competencies: Be a Leader Who Matters 
Venue: Room No 724, Block 7, MAIT Campus 
Convener: Prof. (Dr.) Amit Gupta, HOD, Department of Management, MAIT 
Faculty Coordinators: Dr. Nitin Walia, Ms. Neha Sharma and Mr. Nishant Gaur 
Co-coordinators: Dr. Sanjeev Kumar, Dr. Anoop Kumar Gupta and Dr. Sukhvinder Singh 
 
Two days Management Development Program on the theme “Executive Leadership 
Competencies: Be a Leader Who Matters” from September 22-23, 2023 has been organized by 
Department of Management, Maharaja Agrasen Institute of Technology, affiliated with Guru 
Gobind Singh Indraprastha University, Delhi. The MDP was organized under the Chief 
Patronage of Dr. Nand Kishore Garg, Hon’ble Founder & Chief Advisor, MATES and 
Patronage of Prof. (Dr.) Neelam Sharma, Director MAIT & Prof. (Dr.) S.S. Deswal, Dean 
MAIT. The convener of the MDP was Prof. (Dr.) Amit Gupta, Head, Department of 
Management and the program was well coordinated by Dr. Nitin Walia, Ms. Neha Sharma, Mr. 
Nishant Gaur, Dr. Sanjeev Kumar, Dr. Anoop Gupta and Dr. Sukhvinder Singh. The resource 
person for the two days Management Development Program was Brig. (Dr.) Sunil Kumar 
Moudgil (Retd.), International Master Trainer and Leadership Coach.  
 
The inaugural ceremony began with the lamp lightning, Saraswati Vandana followed by 
felicitation of the resource person Brig. (Dr.) Sunil Kumar Moudgil (Retd.). MDP on 
“Executive Leadership Competencies: Be a Leader Who Matters” is expertly calibrated to set 
participants up for success by enhancing their leadership skills needed to compete in the 
challenging business environment. The program focuses on enabling participants to gain 
experience in developing emotional intelligence, building and leading teams, practicing 
strategies for countering common team pitfalls and increasing their team’s collective 
intelligence. 
 
In total 20 participants who were at the middle level and senior level managerial positions in 
the corporate sector registered for the Management Development Program. The participants 
were from ICICI Lombard General Insurance, Reliance General Insurance, Genpact, Delhi 
Transco Ltd., S&P Global, WNS Global services, Global Logic and NXP Semiconductor. 
Midas FInserve Pvt Ltd was the financial partner of the event.  
 

 
Objectives of MDP 
This transformative learning experience will enable you to: 
 
Develop comprehensive understanding on dynamic leadership styles to increase agility 
and responsiveness to change. 
 
Enhance your general management skills by gaining in-depth perspectives on 
functional areas, strategic thinking and business leadership skills 
 
Deepen your leadership capabilities through experiential modules on strategic planning 
and execution with efficient problem-solving skills. 
 
Apply the learnings to your workplace through a comprehensive action plan and 
enhanced competencies. 
 
Transition to a senior management role in your organisation or in an entrepreneurial 
venture. 
 
Two days Management Development Program covered various aspects of managerial skills 
like team building skills, motivation and leadership strategies, business acumen and business 
ethics, strategic planning and execution, negotiating with key stakeholders, emotional 
intelligence, problem solving and decision-making skills.  
 
The pedagogy employed involves a variety of teaching methods: case studies, simulations, role 
plays interspersed with lecture sessions on theory and practice. The sessions are essentially 
interactive, and participants are encouraged to question assumptions, identify opportunities, 
solve complex problems and in the process, build sustainable competitive advantage. 
 
In conclusion, the MDP ended with a valedictory session and distribution of certificates to the 
registered participants. The session received overwhelming feedback from the participants. 
Participants shared that they got an in-depth understanding about concept with the practical 
approach to it.  
 
 
 
 
 
 

Glimpses of MDP 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

