SOURCE_PDF: mgmt.mait.ac.in_images_pdf_Farewell_2024_Report.pdf

MAHARAJA AGRASEN INSTITUTE OF TECHNOLOGY 
DEPARTMENT OF MANAGEMENT 
 
Report on 
Farewell for MBA Batch (2022-24) 
(May 20, 2024) 
Prof. (Dr.) Amit Gupta, Head, Department of Management 
Faculty Coordinators: Dr. Sangeeta Rawal, Dr. Sanjeev Kumar, Ms. Neha Sharma 
& Mr. Nakul Anand 
 

Fiesta La Vista, Farewell Party for MBA Batch (2022-24) 
Venue: Symphony Banquet, Peeragarhi 
Faculty Coordinators: Dr. Sangeeta Rawal, Dr. Sanjeev Kumar, Ms. Neha Sharma & 
Mr. Nakul Anand 
 
Maharaja Agrasen Institute of Technology, Department of Management, organised a grand 
Farewell Party ‘Fiesta La Vista’ for the outgoing MBA Batch (2022-24) under the guidance of 
Prof. (Dr.) Neelam Sharma, Director, MAIT, Prof. (Dr.) S.S. Deswal, Dean, MAIT and           
Prof. (Dr.) Amit Gupta, Head, Department of Management with a team of faculty members 
from the Department of Management.  
 
The students enthusiastically participated in various cultural activities, ramp walk, games, gifts 
exchange etc. wherein Mr. Yash Yadav final year MBA student won the title of Mr. Farewell 
and Ms. Sneha Sakshi student of final year was crowned as Ms. Farewell. Different tags and 
titles were also awarded for the students like Ms. Beautiful, Ms. Charming, Mr. Fitness Freak, 
Mr. Extraordinary, etc. with some exciting games. Thereafter delicious lunch was organised for 
everyone at the party. Conversations during the meal provided opportunities for the students to 
bond, plan, connect and learn from one another. Once they were recharged, they started the fun 
again.  
 
Token of love and appreciation were given to the MBA final year students by their juniors and 
faculty members. The day ended by capturing memories with photo session. At last, the banquet 
was geared up with DJ filling high energies and immense pleasure among all, with the stamps 
of amazing memories and fun.  
 
The farewell party successfully concluded with the vote of thanks by Prof. (Dr.) Amit Gupta, 
Head, Department of Management who took the medium on behalf of the institute to thank the 
team of faculty members, staff for their continuous cooperation and support and not forgetting 
the students’ volunteer for the events. 
 
 
 

Glimpses of the Program: 
 
 
 
 

 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 

