SOURCE_PDF: Dossier_on_Advance_course_in_FINANCIAL_STRATEGIES_FOR_VALUE_CREATION19-23022024_pdf.pdf

 
 
 
MAHARAJA AGRASEN INSTITUTE OF TECHNOLOGY 
(ISO:9001:2015 Certified) 
Approved by AICTE, Ministry of HRD , Govt. of India 
Ministry of HRD , Govt. of India 
(Affiliated to Guru Gobind Singh Indraprastha University, Delhi) 
 
 
Department of Management 
Dossier on 
SIIC, IIT KANPUR A-MDP 
FINANCIAL STRATEGIES FOR VALUE CREATION 
 
 
 

S.No 
Particulars 
Page no. 
1 
Form A:- Proposal to SIIC,IIT 
Kanpur A – MDP / Programme in 
Financial Strategies For Value 
Creation 
3 
2 
Form-B 
Part I – Aim of the visit 
Part II – Abstract 
Part III- Conclusion 
Part IV – Snapshot 
4 
4 
5 
6,7 
 
 
Event Incharge:- 
Dr. Sanjeev Kumar 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Dr. Amit Gupta 
HOD, Department of Management , MBA 

FORM A 
 
Proposal: 
 
 
Name of the Event :SIIC, IIT Kanpur A-MDP/ Programme on Financial  
                                   Strategies for Value Creation 
 Location 
:IIT Kanpur Outreach Center, Sector 62, Industrial Area,  
                                   Noida , Uttar Pradesh 
 Date 
:19th February to 24th February 2024 
Time 
: 9:45 AM to 5:15 PM 
 
Organised By 
:Department of Management, MBA, MAIT 
 
 
Objective of the visit:  
 
 Primary motivations behind the visit is to understand that financial 
strategies aim to  maximize returns on investments. 
 
 It often seeks to strike a balance between risk and return. While higher 
returns are desirable, they typically come with higher levels of risk. 
 
 Financial strategies should not only benefit shareholders but also create 
value for other stakeholders, including employees, customers, and 
communities. 
 
 The aim to build sustainable competitive advantage by investing in 
resources, capabilities, and processes that differentiate individuals, 
businesses, and organizations from their competitors. 
 
 Financial strategies can also serve as a catalyst for fostering innovation and 
creativity. 

Form B  
 
Aim of the Event :  
 
A 5 day certificate program was offered by SIIC, IIT Kanpur an initiative of MSME, 
Advanced MDP on Financial Strategies for Value Creation . The program aimed to provide 
essential knowledge about Financial Analysis and Planning . The agenda behind the program 
was to apply the various techniques of financial decisions in real life situations and their 
practical application. 
 
PART 2  
 
Abstract : 
 
Day1 (Basics of Finance) 
Prof. Jagriti Arora from Great Lake Institute of Management, taught us about Financial 
Analysis and Planning . The techniques for financial forecasting and Budgeting . Importance 
of Ratio Analysis and then taking the important decisions in the firm was the prime 
imformation we gained. 
 
Day 2 (Financial Management) 
Dr. Timcy Sachdeva from VIPS, IPU shared her valuable teachings about profit 
maximization and wealth maximization. Her expertise helped us to know more about 
major decisions required to be taken in the firm i.e, Financing Decisions, Investment 
Decisions and Liquidity Decisions. 
 
Day 3 (Market Structure) 
Dr. Niti from IIFT , directed the students towards Financial Market Structure and Time 
Value of Money. She showed the students and even made them to practice on excel 
various calculations such as PMT, FV, PV etc. Capital Structure was the main topic 
of discussion. 
 
Day 4 (Mergers , Acquisitions and Divestiture) 
CA Ashish Jain from IIFT, with his 21+years of experience provided students with 

insights on Mergers , Acquisitions and Divestiture. He elaborated the importance of 
synergy and economies of scale . Due Diligence best practices and integration panning 
should be taken into consideration. 
 
Day 5 (Investors and Stakeholders) 
Dr. Meenakshi Gandhi from VIPS , IPU ended the program on the most important topic 
that is Investor Relations and Stakeholder Mnagement. Consumers are the prime 
stakeholders to be taken care of. Techniques for effective communication with investors 
and other stakeholders were also taught. 
 
Additional Program Features:  
 
 Case studies from successful MSMEs. 
 
 Interactive workshops and group activities. 
 
 Networking opportunities with industry professionals. 
 
 Access to online resources and tools for Financial Management 
 
 
Certification: 
 
Participants who successfully complete the program will receive a Certificate of Completion 
in Financial Strategies for Value Creation 

Part 3 
 
Conclusion  
 
 
The training successfully met its objectives, with participants demonstrating a significant 
improvement in their understanding of financial management concepts and expressing 
confidence in applying these skills to their respective businesses 

Pictures 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 

