SOURCE_PDF: Report_on_Industrial_Visit_to_Surya_Roshini_ltd_pdf.pdf

 
 
 
MAHARAJA AGRASEN INSTITUTE OF TECHNOLOGY 
(ISO:9001:2015 Certified) 
Approved by AICTE, Ministry of HRD, Govt. of India 
Ministry of HRD, Govt. of India 
(Affiliated to Guru Gobind Singh Indraprastha University, Delhi) 
Department of Management, MBA 
Report on 
INDUSTRIAL VISIT TO SURYA ROSHNI LIMITED 
(STEEL DIVISION) 
 
Organizer: Department of Management, Maharaja Agrasen Institute of Technology 
Date: March 7, 2023, Timings: 9:00AM- 1:00PM                                                        
Venue: Surya Roshni Limited (Steel division), Bahadurgarh                               
Organized by: Department of Management, MBA, MAIT                                         
Faculty Coordinators: Dr. Rajiv Jain & Dr. Neeru Gupta 
 

On our recent visit to Surya Roshni Limited (Steel division) held on 7th March, 2024 at 
Bahadurgarh, Haryana. This visit proved to be a valuable opportunity for us to engage with 
industry leaders, various professionals, including engineers, quality control analysts, and 
management staff. They provided valuable insights into the industry’s challenges, career 
opportunities, and future trends. 
Surya Roshni Limited is a leading name in the Indian steel and lighting industry. The 
company’s steel division specializes in manufacturing a wide range of steel products, including 
pipes, strips, and tubes, catering to various sectors such as construction, automotive, and 
infrastructure. 
 
The visit was guided by two professionals from Surya Roshni Limited. We were divided into 
two groups of 20 each & then the visit started with a tour of the steel melting shop, where raw 
materials like iron ore, coal, and limestone are melted in a blast furnace to produce molten 
steel. We observed the hot rolling process, where molten steel is transformed into various 
shapes and sizes. The precision and speed of the process were impressive.  
 
 

We saw the goddown which had 2.5-18 inches steel pipes kept for future orders. They told us 
about two types of pipes, black & white. The white pipe has a coating of zinc. We came to 
know that they get bulk of steel sheets from main manufacture i.e. Baggaro which are sent 
through train. This raw material is then converted into steel pipes in the same industry which 
we witnessed through our naked eyes.  
Students then explored the different technologies and automation in the manufacturing process. 
We observed the hot rolling process, where molten steel is transformed into various shapes and 
sizes. 
Students also had interactive session with HR & technical expert of Surya Roshni Limited. 
They acquainted us about there current financial position, their future prospects, recent orders, 
order amount, environmental safety measures. One to one question answer round also took 
place. It was a phenomenal experience to be a part of this visit. To see such processes happening 
in front of us was a very different experience. Such visits are a means of continued growth and 
success for us. 
 
 
 

