SOURCE_PDF: Dossier-case_study_pdf.pdf

 
Maharaja Agrasen Institute of Technology 
Department of Management, MBA 
Dossier 
On 
Case Study Competition 
 On 
24th March,2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

S.No. 
Particulars 
Page No. 
1. 
Form A : Proposal to organise an Event 
3 
2. 
Form B 
Part 1 : Aim of the Event 
Part 2 : Abstract 
Part 3 : Conclusion 
Part 4 : Snap Shot 
 
4 
4 
5 
6 
 
Faculty Coordinators : Dr. Ritu Gupta, Mr. Ankur Ahuja, Mr. Rajiv Jain 
Student Coordinators : Akansha Jain, Deepika Sharma, Kunal Goel, Shakti 
Dutt, Yugam 
 
 
Dr. Amit Gupta 
HOD, Department of Management, MBA 
 
 
 
 
Prof.(Dr.) Neelam Sharma 
Director , MAIT 
 
 
 
 
 
 

FORM A 
 
Proposal:  
 
Name Of The Event:    Case Study Competition –G20 theme-Sustainable 
Development: One Earth-One Family-One Future 
Date:                               March 24, 2023 
Time:                              1:00p.m. onwards 
Venue:                           Block 7 (Room No.-712) 
Organised By:              Department of Management ( MAIT) 
 
Objective Of The Activity: 
Case study analysis is meant to give the institutions the opportunity to infuse a 
strong dose of real-world experiences into the curriculum. It highlights the 
values of taking a holistic and integrated approach to manage an organisation. It 
helps students to organise their thinking around an integrative planning 
framework and provide incentives for students to give their best. So to represent 
the real-world scenarios in the form of case study, a “Case Study Competition 
– G20 theme-Sustainable Development: One Earth-One Family-One 
Future” is proposed for your kind approval. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

FORM B 
Part 1  
Aim of The Event: 
Broad aims of the events are: 
 To enable students to strengthen their ability to think strategically and 
analyze the information given. 
 To provide students with an excellent opportunity to enhance their public 
speaking skills and overall communication. 
 To prepare students by giving them real-life scenarios in which proper 
time management becomes a crucial factor in the overall success of the 
team. 
 
Part 2 
Abstract: 
An inter college Case Study Competition on “Sustainable Development- 
One Earth, One Family, One Future” was organised by  The Department 
Of Management, Maharaja Agrasen Institute of Technology on 24th 
March,2023. The competition was judged by Dr. Anju Bharti and Dr. 
Sukhvinder Singh, Assistant Professor, Department of Management. 
The theme for the case study was “Green washing”. Students from various 
departments participated in the competition. The event received an 
overwhelming response. For round 1---- 93 teams registered with us from 
different colleges. 55 Teams turned up for the participation in Round 1   and 
top 10 teams were selected for Round 2 of Case Study Competition. Students 
presented their ideas and solutions through presentations within a time limit 
of 10 mins followed by a 5 min Q&A round with the judges. 
The event was very informative and students participated very 
enthusiastically. The event helped them with their communication skills 
alongside helping them to assimilate their ideas into theory and practice. 
 
 

Finally the event closed with announcement of results.  
Position 
Team Name 
Team 
Leader 
Name  
Prize Money 
FIRST 
Begam ki DVD 
Daksh Dudeja 
3100 
SECOND 
Euphoric Crew 
Sumedha Jindal 
2100 
THIRD 
Vivekanand 
Rishabh 
Chaudhary 
1100 
 
 
Part 3  
Conclusion: 
The event was highly informational and motivated students to participate in such events 
in future also. The Q&A round with the judges was quite interactive. It helped students to 
build their cognitive skills and reasoning skills. The event was well appreciated by the 
participants.  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Part 4:  Snap Shot 
 
 
 
               
  
 

