SOURCE_PDF: Report_on_A_Interactive_session_How_to_impress_an_interviewer-_5th_October_2020_pdf.pdf

An Interactive Session 
ON 
HOW TO IMPRESS THE INTERVIEWER? 
 
Organizer: Department of Management (MBA), Maharaja Agrasen Institute of Technology 
Date: October 5, 2020 
Timings: 4:30 PM onwards 
Venue: Online through Ms Teams 
Teacher Coordinators: Mr. Nitin Walia, Dr Anoop Kumar Gupta, Mr. Rajiv Jain, Dr. Ritu Gupta,  
Mr. Ankur Ahuja 
Student Coordinators: Deepanshu Khurana, Mukta Jain, Ojaswi, Tamanna Mittal 
Presenter: Deepanshu Khurana, Mukta Jain, Ojaswi, Tamanna Mittal  
 

An interactive session on “HOW TO IMPRESS THE INTERVIEWER? ’’ was organized for 
MBA students batch 2019-2021 by the Department of Management (MBA), Maharaja Agrasen 
Institute of Technology on 5th October 2020. The speaker for the session was Ms. Shraiya Jain 
of 2014-16 batch.  
The session started at 4:30 pm. with a welcome speech by Mr.Nitin Walia wherein he 
highlighted that the main purpose for conducting the session was to share with the students how 
they can impress an interviewer and open up job opportunities/ campus placements in such an 
uncertain environment. 
Ms. Shraiya shared that cracking an interview is a crucial step towards their dream job. Students 
should start focusing on the aspects like personal branding, effective communication, and good 
general awareness. So, to become a differentiator, they should start embracing books and 
newspapers in order to develop a habit of reading. 
Communication plays a very important role in everybody's life today. A good communicator is 
always in higher demand. She shared her experiences regarding creating value at her workspace 
and in today's scenario such people are always noticed and appreciated and given more vital 
roles. Also one should negotiate the salary in the interview, freshers often feel under confident 
in that aspect so their initial career is adversely affected.  
Respected Director Ma'am Professor Neelam Sharma also addressed the students. She discussed 
that companies want to hire confident people, train them for new digital technologies and 
allocate them new projects. She encouraged every participant to look through new emerging 
sectors and be prepared for the upcoming opportunities. 
The session was concluded by a vote of thanks. A total of 88 participants took part in it and it 
was a one-hour session. It was such an interesting and insightful session that helped many 
students clear their doubts and queries regarding the future job opportunities. 

 
 
 
 

