SOURCE_PDF: Web_Report_8_june_2022_pdf.pdf

Maharaja Agrasen Institute of Technology 
Department of Management 
Report on Talk on “How to Develop Entrepreneurship Skills” 
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 
Date:                      June 8, 2022  
Timings:                11:00 AM  
Venue: Room No. 751, Block 7 
 Faculty Coordinators: Dr Sanjeev Kumar 
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 
A Talk was organized on how to develop entrepreneurial skills for second semester 
MBA students. An Industry stalwart, Mr. Gauri Shankar Sahu, Managing Director, 
MOD Medicare System Pvt. Ltd. And KPM Healthcare was invited to deliver the 
talk. The objective of the talk was that students get proper insights into strategies 
and skills required to develop entrepreneurial skills. The seminar started with token 
of thanks by Dr. Amit Gupta, HoD, MBA, MAIT and Dr. Sanjeev Kumar, Senior 
Assistant Professor, MAIT. 
 
Mr. Sahu started the conversation with enthusiastic and challenging school and 
college life and how the various situations helped him grow personally and 
professionally. He mentioned that he started with field learning to create customer 
base. Today, he is providing medicare solutions to a large number of hospitals and 
continue to strive towards excellence.  
 
The speaker talked about the importance of being positive during the initial stages 
of hardship of a business. He focused on the strategies that can help startups and 
businesses to improve marketing position. Execution and building relationships have 
been his key strengths. He very well explained the significance of team work in a 
startup. Hiring the right team is therefore extremely important for any business, and 

more so for a startup, since it is the team that plays a key role in understanding and 
executing the founder's vision. The discussions ranged between the major sectors 
being impacted due to the pandemic, the prospective funding and support 
opportunities for startups in the changed scenario.  
 
Mr. Sahu emphasized on two key elements of being an entrepreneur that is 
motivation and discipline. He said “no one can beat a disciplined and motivated 
entrepreneur”. He told that now he spends his time with entrepreneurs in helping 
them execute their vision either as a mentor or an investor. He talked about the aim 
of entrepreneurship education and training should be to ‘develop entrepreneurial 
capacities and mindsets’ that benefit economies by fostering creativity, innovation 
and self-employment.  
 
The seminar was followed by question-and-answer round, where participants asked 
questions related to the topic of the talk. The speaker guided the audience on every 
important aspect of Start-ups and entrepreneurial skill development. The seminar 
ended by thanking the speaker for spending his valuable time and conducting a 
successful entrepreneurial talk. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

Snap Shots  
 
 

