SOURCE_PDF: Report_on_OrientationThe_Connect_2024_pdf.pdf

 
 
 
Maharaja Agrasen Institute of Technology  
Department of Management 
 
REPORT ON 
                                ORIENTATION 
 
The Connect’2024 
                                                                      20th August, 2024 
THE CONNECT’ 2024 
 
 
Orientation-The Connect’24 

 
Date:                                20th August 2024 
Venue:                              Block 7, MAIT Campus 
Organized by:                  Department of Management, MAIT 
Guidance:                            Prof.(Dr.) Amit Gupta, HoD, Department of Management, MAIT 
  
Faculty Coordinators:   MBA 1A (2024-26) – Dr.Nitin Walia, Dr. Anju Bharti 
                                        MBA 1B(2024-26) - Dr. Sanjeev Kumar, Dr. Anoop Kumar Gupta 
                                        MBA 1C(2024-26) -   Dr. Neeru Gupta, Dr. Ritu Gupta 
                                         BBA 1A (2024-27) – Ms. Jyotsna 
                                        BBA 1B(2024-27)     - Dr. Kiran Garg 
                                                 
The Orientation, ‘The Connect’24’ of MBA (2024-26) & BBA (2024-27) was conducted on 
20th August 2024 at Department of Management, Block -7, MAIT Campus. It was a vibrant 
and interactive event & was designed to welcome the new cohort of students and set the tone 
for their journey ahead. The day was filled with insightful presentations and motivational talks 
from faculty and class coordinators of specific classes. The class coordinators welcomed the 
students in their classes. 
The event began with a brief introduction by class coordinators in their respective classes. The 
ppt presentations was shown and discussed with them. The ppt was prepared in four parts in 
detail to answer all queries from students like first part of ppt was in relation to information 
about MAIT, Trust, Management and their objectives, about department etc., second part of ppt 
was related to provide information about main heads of MAIT and faculty, third part of ppt was  
related to academic and placements performance, facilities in campus etc., and fourth part was 
all about common functions of campus, departmental clubs, students magazines etc. The 
coordinators emphasized the importance of management education and the unique 
opportunities the BBA & MBA program offers. They also provided an overview of the 
curriculum, program structure, and key objectives of the MBA journey. 
The new students had the opportunity to meet their HoD and faculty members through 
interactive sessions. These discussions provided insights into the course modules, assessment 
methods, and expectations. Faculty members also shared their research interests and how 
students can engage in various academic activities throughout the program. 

Overall, the Orientation Day was a blend of learning, interaction, and fun. It was ensured that 
the students felt welcomed, motivated, and ready to embark on their educational & academic 
journey. 
Snap shots: 
      
 
         
 
                                                          
 

