SOURCE_PDF: seminar_1_pdf.pdf

A talk on “Application of ethical principles and commitment to 
professional ethics and responsibilities by an engineering student”. 
On Monday 25th march 2017 , the Electrical and Electronics Department of Maharaja 
Agrasen Institute of Technology had the opportunity to interact with two esteemed 
personalities who worked assiduously to carve a niche for themselves in their field of work. 
Each session lasted for approximately 30 minutes but disseminated such knowledge and 
wisdom which will last an entire lifetime. 
We had Mr. Jagdish Mittal, Vice Chairman MATES, as our first esteemed speaker. Sir has 
worked tirelessly in the field of public welfare and social harmony. During our conversation 
he focused on the joy and importance of giving and why donating to less fortunate should not 
be voluntary but a necessity in the society. It is important for us to understand that not 
everyone is born into privilege and one must do all that they can to ensure everyone has the 
opportunity at a great and meaningful life. Donations and charities can provide the impetus 
that someone may need to face the challenges life may throw their way, simply by equipping 
them with the requisite tools. He further explained his stance by giving the example from our 
childhood, that when we were young and if someone came at our door for donations, our 
mothers would make sure that the youngest child of the house would give the donation with 
his/her own hands. This was done to instil in us the importance of giving which would stay 
with us forever and would be further passed on to the next generations. He also put into 
perspective the importance of the act of giving when he reminded us all of how lucky we are 
that we have our soldiers protecting our borders and it is because of their willing and selfless 
act of personal sacrifices, that we can sleep peacefully and not live under constant fear. 
 
 
 
The next guest to bless us with wisdom was Er. Avinash Agarwal, Management 
representative. He has been working for Delhi Government for almost 23 years. He guided 

the students on how to crack a government job interview and the importance of having our 
subject’s knowledge. He wanted the students to realise that the success of cracking a 
competitive exam is based on the basic knowledge of the subjects. He enabled us to 
understand that in today’s world it is really important to be multidisciplinary not only to 
ensure one’s success but also to make a name for oneself in the industry. Talking from his 
personal experiences, he said that even though he was from electrical field he was given an 
opportunity to work in mechanical field. He used to accompany his colleague from a different 
field while he was working and learnt a lot during that time. He emphasised that no one will 
teach you how to be multidisciplinary, the onus of educating yourself is entirely yours. His 
last piece of advice to the students was that university can only teach students what good 
engineering is but it is only the students who can learn how to be good engineers, this is 
something no one can teach. 
Both our esteemed speakers shared their lifelong experiences and encouraged the students to 
strive to be better every step of the way. The session was a perfect blend of guidance on 
personal and professional life which will have a lasting impact on their life and motivate 
them to aspire to greater heights. Prof. (Dr.) Rajveer Mittal HOD(EEE) concluded the session 
with vote of thanks. 
 

