SOURCE_PDF: Report_on_Session_on_Capital_Market_05102023_pdf.pdf

 
 
Report 
 
Session on Capital Market 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Organiser: Department of Management, Maharaja Agrasen Institute of Technology  
Date: 05th October, 2023 
Timings:  11:00 AM  
Venue:  Room No 741  
Faculty Coordinators: Dr.Ritu Gupta & Dr. Neeru Gupta 
 
 
A Session on “Capital Market in association with BSE” was organized for MBA students batch 2023-25 
by the department (MBA), Maharaja Agrasen Institute of Technology on 05th October, 2023. The objective of 
the session was to educate the students on diverse aspects of capital market such as directive of market and 
instruments of capital market.  
The department had invited three guest speakers from “Security Exchange Board of India”, “Bombay Stock 
Exchange”, “Central Depositary Services Limited”. 
Guest Speaker 1---Mr. Kunal Kishore-Senior Manager(SEBI) 
Guest Speaker 2---Mr. Harbinder Singh Sokhi - Manager, Investor protection fund (BSE). 
Guest Speaker 3---Mr. Amit Kr. Jain & Mr. Mukesh Kr. Jain - Senior Manager (CDSL)  
 
 
The session started at 11:00 a.m. with the welcome of our guest speakers with sapling and followed by a 
welcome speech by Prof. Dr. Amit Gupta, Head of the Department. The session started with first presentation by 
Mr. Kunal Kishore , an established personality from SEBI. He explained about the regulatory role of Securities 
Exchange Board of India and different initiatives taken by SEBI to bring awareness about securities market, in 
an interesting yet simple manner. The talk delivered by Mr. Kunal Kishore, was very informative and provides 
valuable insights about the SEBI role in securities market. 
 
After the first presentation, Mr. Harbinder Singh Sokhi from BSE IPF covered all essential elements of 
stock trading and mutual fund strategy. He also describes the process that how to execute it. The 
session was followed by the talk of Mr. Mukesh Kumar Chauhan CDSL. He shared the mechanism of 
depositary and its overall role in securities market in very communicating way. 
  
 A highly interactive query session was held towards the end of session. The session was concluded by 
Vote of thanks by Dr. Ritu Gupta. 119 students participants attended the session. Overall, it was a great 
learning and valuable experience for all the students. 
 
 
 
.  
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

