SOURCE_PDF: Dossier_on_A_Interactive_session_How_to_impress_an_interviewer-_5th_October_2020_pdf.pdf

 
 
 
 
Maharaja Agrasen Institute of Technology 
 
Department of Management, MBA 
 
  Dossier  
On 
INTERACTIVE SESSION - HOW TO IMPRESS THE INTERVIEWER?  
 
Held On 
 
5th October 2020 
 
 
 
 

 
 
S. No. 
Particulars 
 Page No. 
 1. 
  
 Form-A: Proposal to organize an event 
  
  3 
 2. 
  
 Form B : 
Part I -     Aim of the event 
Part II –   Abstract 
Part III –  Conclusion 
Part IV –  Snap Shot 
  
  
   
4 
4 
5 
6 
 Teacher Coordinators: Mr. Nitin Walia, Dr Anoop Kumar Gupta, Mr. Rajiv Jain, Dr. Ritu Gupta,  
Mr. Ankur Ahuja 
Student Coordinators: Deepanshu Khurana, Mukta Jain, Ojaswi, Tamanna Mittal 
 
 
Dr. Amit Gupta 
 
HOD, Department of Management, MBA 
 
 
 
 
Prof.( Dr.) Neelam Sharma 
 
Director, MAIT 
 
 

 
 
FORM A 
 
 Proposal: 
  
Name of the event:     
Interactive session on “How to impress the interviewer?” 
Date:                        
October 5, 2020 
Time:                       
04:30 PM – 05:30 PM 
Venue:                     
Ms Teams 
Organized By:        
Department of Management (MBA, MAIT) 
  
Motivational Objective of the Activity:  
An interview is one of the significant steps towards getting a job and starting a career. For management 
students, it is the door for entry into the corporate world and their dream organization. Impressing the 
interviewer becomes enormously important for any job seeker. This led to a tremendous help in opening up 
career opportunities for the students. It is further great for the students to see one of their Alumni who has been 
through the same journey now guiding them.  So to highlight the various tips and tricks to impress an 
interviewer 
“A Interactive session on how to impress the interviewer” by Ms. Shraiya Jain Alumni of batch 2014-16 is 
proposed for your kind approval. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
Form B 
 Part 1 
Aim of the event: 
Broad aims of the session are: 
● To develop an understanding of the importance of an interview. 
● To discuss various tips and tricks that could help the students impress the interviewer. 
● To discuss important elements like body language, better communication, salary negotiations, etc of an 
interview that will help students in the future for making their career. 
Part 2 
Abstract: 
An interactive session on “How to impress the interviewer?” was organized for MBA students batch 2019-
2021 by the Department of Management (MBA), Maharaja Agrasen Institute of Technology on 5th October 
2020. The key speaker for the session was Ms. Shraiya Jain, alumni of batch 2014- 16, associated with 
KPMG as a capability developer for 4 years. 
Ms. Shraiya Jain started the session with the evolution of how we get jobs starting from giving out hard copy 
resumes back in the 1990s to build a personal brand in the 2020s. Further, she highlighted the importance of 
giving positive affirmations to self and power postures to build self- confidence. She also stated a mantra to 
crack any interview which included the following points:-  
1) First Impressions 
2) Communication 
3) Confidence 
4) Awareness & Knowledge 
Along with that, she also gave some tips for various common yet difficult questions. The seminar was very 
interactive and the students participated very enthusiastically by asking some interesting queries regarding the 
preparation of an interview.  
 
 

 
 
Part 3 
Conclusion 
The seminar was very interactive and the students participated very enthusiastically by asking some interesting 
queries regarding the interview process. They got to know about the importance of personal branding, a positive 
approach, effective communication, and much more.  The complete content of the seminar was highly 
informative as well as motivational. It was well appreciated by the students.  
Snap Shot: 
 
 

