SOURCE_PDF: Dossier_Financial_empowerment16_feb_2022_pdf.pdf

1 
 
 
Maharaja Agrasen Institute of Technology 
Department of Management, MBA 
                             Dossier  
                                 on 
‘Finnacial Empowerment through Wealth 
Creation” 
Held On 
February 16, 2022 
 

2 
 
 
S. No. 
Particulars  
 Page No. 
 
1. 
 
 
Form-A : Proposal to organize an event 
 
      
 3 
 
2. 
 
 
Form B : 
Part I -     Aim of the event 
Part II –   Abstract 
Part III –  Conclusion 
Part IV –  Snap Shot 
 
 
 
 
4 
4 
5 
6 
 
 
Faculty Co-ordinator: 
Dr. Neeru Gupta, Assistant Professor 
 
 
                              
 
Prof.(Dr.) Amit Gupta 
HOD, Department of Management, MBA 
 
                                        
                                            Prof.( Dr.) Neelam Sharma 
Director, MAIT 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

3 
 
 
FORM A 
 
 
Proposal : 
 
Name Of the Event:  National Webinar on “Financial Empowerment Through 
Wealth Creation” 
 
Date :                       February 16, 2022 
 
Time :                      2:30 p.m. onwards 
 
Venue :                    Online Zoom Platform 
 
Organized By:  Department of Management, MAIT 
 
Motivational Objective of the Activity:  
 
The objective of this National webinar is to spread awareness and dissemination 
of Financial Knowledge to the masses in general and students in particular.  The 
webinar will provide insights of how we can manage our wealth in an efficient 
way by taking right investment decisions that will help us to be financially 
empowered. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

4 
 
 
 
Form B 
 
Part 1 
 
Aim of the event: 
 
The aim of the webinar  was to make students understanding the importance of 
different financial securities available in market. This webinar help the 
participants to learn how they can be the wealth creator  rather than only the 
money accumulators.   
 
 
Part 2 
 
Abstract : 
A National  webinar was organised jointly by Department of Management, 
Maharaja Agrasen Institute of Technology(MAIT) and Association of Mutual 
Funds in India (AMFI) on  “Financial Empowerment Through Wealth 
Creation”. 
The webinar started with the blessings of Goddess Saraswati. Prof. M. K Bhat 
welcomed the guest and the participants of the webinar.  
Shri Surya Kant Sharma, Senior Consultant AMFI, was the key speaker in the 
webinar. He started the session by telling participants the  importance of 
financial security . He emphasized that an investor should first think and ensure 
adequate life insurance, reasonable medical insurance cover and an emergency 
fund before embarking upon the journey of wealth creation through sustained 
investments which is most essential for prosperity. He then dealt in detail on the 
need for wealth creation for prosperity and emphasised that investors should not 
be money accumulator but wealth creator which only would make them 
comfortable with regard to their money needs for their milestones in life.  
He then advised participants that they should look at real return and not on 
notional return as inflation and tax liability substantially takes away major 
portion of notional return. He cautioned participants that most of the 
investments except in government schemes have risk but risk can be managed 

5 
 
by simple formula – Think, understand and invest. He also emphasized the need 
to have financial planning of their families in place for focused investment and 
also the need for practicing rule of compounding in investments for higher 
return in long run.  
He then shared basic information on various investment avenues available in the 
market viz. Government/RBI bonds, corporate bonds, Government schemes 
(Post office schemes, PPF, NPS, Sukanya Samriddhi Scheme, securities market 
etc.  real estate, gold and securities market. All these avenues are different and 
have distinct features and investors should investment their hard earned money 
according to his/her risk apatite and time horizon of investment.  
Shri Sharma then discussed about mutual funds in detail. He mentioned that in 
mutual funds there are number of schemes as per risk apatite and time horizon 
of investors. There is a wide spectrum of mutual funds schemes ranging from 
equity funds to debt funds to exchange traded funds which can be chosen by an 
investor as per his risk apatite and investment horizon. 
At the end, he emphatically cautioned participants not to invest their hard 
earned money on the advice of others including agents and never in unregulated 
fund mobilisation schemes – Ponzi scheme, chit funds and committees etc. - 
which give assurance for higher and quick return at the beginning but ultimately 
vanish with the hard earned money of investors. He also said that we all have a 
social responsibility to make aware the people about the menace of such 
schemes and impress upon them not to invest their money in such schemes.  
After the sessions, a question answer session was made open for the participants 
and participants asked their queries on personal finance and wealth management 
which were satisfactorily answered by the expert. 
At the end of the program Dr. Neeru Gupta faculty coordinator for this event 
expressed vote of thanks. 
 
Part 3 
 
Conclusion 
 
The webinar enlightened the participants that how they can be the wealth 
creator from being the money accumulators only. The speaker emphasized on 

6 
 
the formula- Think, Understand and Then Invest. He also passed the message 
that it is our social responsibility to make people educate on financial aspects so 
that they cann’t be mislead by fake promises and sayings. More than 300 
participants from inside and outside the institute participated in the webinar. 
Overall it was a great learning session for the participants.  
 
 
 
 
Snap Shot: 
 
 
 
 
 

7 
 
 
 
 
 

8 
 

9 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
                        
 
                              
 
 
 
                        
 

