SOURCE_PDF: Report_-_Launch_of_CMP03052024_pdf.pdf

MAHARAJA AGRASEN INSTITUTE OF TECHNOLOGY 
DEPARTMENT OF MANAGEMENT 
 
Report on 
Launch of Corporate Mentorship Program 
(May 03, 2024) 
Prof. (Dr.) Amit Gupta, Head, Department of Management 
Program Coordinator: Ms. Neha Sharma & Mr. Rajat Malik 
 
 
 

Topic: Launch of Corporate Mentorship Program 
Venue: Block 7, MAIT Campus 
Convener: Prof. (Dr.) Amit Gupta, HOD, Department of Management, MAIT 
Faculty Coordinator: Ms. Neha Sharma & Mr. Rajat Malik 
Resource Person/ Corporate Mentors: Mr. Varun Ahuja, Director, Custom Engineering 
Adobe; Mr. Rahul Mataghare, Senior Manager, Ad Operations Paytm; Mr. Anurag Jain, 
Vice President, Policy, Risk & Analytics, Mobikwik; Mr. Shailesh Goyal, Vice President-HR 
Everest Group and Ms. Garima Gupta, Director, HR-nClouds. 
Corporate Mentorship Program is an innovative and appreciable initiative by the 
Department of Management with an objective to establish a connect between students and 
experienced corporate mentors who possess the knowledge and skills to provide guidance, 
motivation, and support, enabling students to achieve success in their academic and 
professional endeavours. 
The program aims at developing the conceptual skills of the students that allows them to 
navigate complex situations, developing technical skills with hands-on-experience and 
continuous exploration and developing interpersonal skills that equip them with an open 
mindset and feeling of cooperation to achieve their goals. 
 
This Corporate Mentorship Program is a structured initiative that facilitates the pairing of 
experienced individuals from the corporates (mentors) with less experienced ones, students our 
budding managers from the management department (mentees) to provide guidance, support, 
and knowledge transfer. 
For the mentee, mentoring provides a safe heaven to explore personal, work and career issues. 
The mentor provides a sound board for difficult decisions, an independent view to put things 
into perspective, someone to encourage you when things aren’t going well and sometimes a 
role model for some of the personal goals you want to achieve. 21 Mentees for the program 
were selected based on the interviews by the panel of experienced faculty members. 
 
A mentor is a person who can support, advise and guide you. They typically take the time to 
get to know you and the challenges you’re facing and then use their understanding and personal 
experience to help you improve. We have five corporate leaders/ mentors on board by using 
our networks in the industry.  

This relationship is additional to a manager or a boss and benefits from a more personal and 
confidential structure. Through this program mentors have the potential to become lifelong 
friends, or the relationship might only last until you’ve achieved a goal, there’s no one-size-
fits-all. 
The program was launched on May 03, 2024 by releasing and uncurtaining the brochure of the 
program. Prof. (Dr.) Neelam Sharma, Director, MAIT addressed the gathering by her words of 
wisdom and encouragement to the students. The launch of the program was followed by a panel 
discussion with the corporate leaders recapping the expectations of mentee and mentor in this 
program.  
 
The significant aspect of the program is that it includes regular monthly feedback from both 
the mentor and the mentee for the successful career progression of the mentee. It will further 
widen up ample of networking opportunities for the students in the industry. Also another 
significant aspect of the program is that it is truly customised as per the needs and requirements 
of the mentees. Every mentee is unique in terms of his/her skills, interest areas and learning 
pace.  
 
Glimpses of the Launch of the Program 
 
 

 
 
 

 
 

 
 

