SOURCE_PDF: eee.mait.ac.in_images_pdf_events_womenempowerment.pdf

Seminar on  
“Empowering women through Entrepreneurship”  
Organized by National Commission for Women 
 
In this day and age when women are finally stepping to the forefront, who better than women to 
lead the way for those looking for guidance. On 31st January, 2019 Ms. Supriya Sharma, 
Assistant Professor, EEE department along with a group of young ambitious girl students from 
EEE, CSE and IT attended the seminar “Empowering women through Entrepreneurship” aimed 
at highlighting the trials and successes of women in the field of commerce. Great ideas bear 
fruits only when you can apply them in real life. In this seminar we had the privilege to learn 
from some of the best in the business, as they motivated the girls on how to take on the world 
through real life instances. 
The event got off to an auspicious start with the lighting of the lamp at around 9:30 am. 
Afterwards, all the guests were welcomed by Ms. Rekha Sharma, the chairperson of NCW. Then 
the respected guests Mr. Rakesh Srivastava (Secretary WCD), Dr. Virendra Kumar, Hon'ble 
Minister (WCD) and Mrs. Meenakshi Gupta (member, NCW) graced us with encouraging 
words.  
After a short tea break, the panel commenced the main events. We were introduced to some of 
the success stories of entrepreneurs. One of them was Ms. Kanika Tekriwal, founder of Jet Set 
Go. This was followed by the courageous and awe inspiring story of Ms. Revathi Kulkarni Roy 
who started the first women Taxi service in Asia, met with trials and tribulations only to come 
back stronger with the follow-up version by the name Hey Dee Dee. This was not the end of the 
session as we were lucky to receive more insightful information from Mrs. Shaili Chopra and 
Mrs. Chandramukhi Devi. 
After hearing of these break-through stories, the panelists went on to hold a discussion on the 
theme of the event which was moderated by Mrs. Shaili Chopra, the founder of She The People. 
After hearing the discussion, the audience was given 15 minutes to douse their curiosity in a 
Q&A session. The event was brought to a close by the Joint Secretary of NCW who concluded 
the evening with words of motivation. 
 
 
 
 

