SOURCE_PDF: mgmt.mait.ac.in_images_pdf_Dossier_on_Visit_to_India_Trade_Promotion_Organisation_17_Nov2023.pdf

1 
 
 
Maharaja Agrasen Institute of Technology 
Department of Management, MBA 
Dossier 
On 
India Trade Promotion Organisation, ITPO, EDUCATION VISIT 
(Industrial cum Corporate Visit) 
 
42st India International Trade Fair, IITF, Gate No. 4, Hall No. 5, Pragati Maidan, New 
Delhi. 
  
Held On 
17th November, Friday, 2023 
 

2 
 
S. No. 
Particulars  
 Page No. 
 
1. 
 
 
Form-A : Proposal to organize an event 
 
 
 3 
 
2. 
 
 
Form B : 
Part I - Aim of the event 
Part II – Abstract 
Part III –Conclusion 
Part IV – Snap Shot 
 
 
 
 
4 
4 
5 
6 
 
Event Incharge: 
Dr. Sukhvinder Singh    :  
 
Assistant Professor 
Mr. Nishant Gaur  
    :  
 
Assistant Professor 
 
 
 
 
                                                 Dr. Amit Gupta 
HOD, Department of Management, MBA 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

3 
 
FORM A 
India Trade Promotion Organisation,ITPO, EDUCATION VISIT 
 
 
42st India International Trade Fair, IITF, Gate No. 4, Hall No. 5, Pragati Maidan, New 
Delhi. 
Multi Commodity Exchange  Stall 04A, (Stall of SEBI) 
 
Organised by: Department of Management, MBA, Maharaja Agrasen Institute of 
Technology, Delhi  
Date: Time: 10:30 am – 3.30 pm   
Venue: No. of students visited: 36, Batch: MBA First Year (1B) (2023-24) 
 
 
Proposal: 
Name  of the Event : 
Industrial cum Corporate Visit 
 
Location 
   :  
India International Trade Fair, IITF, Gate No. 4,      
                                         Pragati  Maidan, New Delhi, (Stall of SEBI) 
Date  
           :          17th November, Thursday, 2023 
Time 
 
:        09:30 AM – 3:30 PM 
 
Organized By 
:          Department of Management, MBA, MAIT 
 
 
Motivational Objective of the Visit:  
 
The objective of this visit is to provide a great opportunity for students to learn that how the 
businesses find platforms for trade and industry for sourcing, finding buyers, business 
interactions, technology transfer opportunities, test marketing, and market access. 
 
 
 
 

4 
 
 
 
 
 
Form B 
 
Part 1 
 
Aim of the event: 
 
The objective of this visit was to provide a great opportunity for students to learn that how 
the businesses find platforms for trade and industry for sourcing, finding buyers, business 
interactions, technology transfer opportunities, test marketing, and market access. 
 
Part 2 
 
Abstract: 
 
IITF is the largest integrated trade fair with both B2B and B2C components. It is one of the 
largest trade fairs in the world both in terms of exhibitors and visitor participation and has 
evolved its unique character as an iconic international event.  
21 students along with the faculty coordinators  ( Dr Sukhvinder Singh & Mr Nishant 
Gaur)visited the stall no. 4A, the stall of SEBI, of IITF. The event comprises of guest lectures 
, awareness quizzes ,management  games , competitions etc. 
 
The visit was a great source of learning for students. Students also got an great opportunity to 
clear several doubts regarding  Demat and trading accounts, functioning of SEBI and MCX, 
IPO listing, Malpractices in stock  trading, Career opportunities at SEBI etc. The visit ended 
with light refreshment and group photo session. 
 
Industrial cum Corporate Visit Program Details: 
 
The event started with the lecture from Mr Nitin Sahay , seasoned investor who motivated 
students to regularly invest in equity market. He informed students about robustness of Indian 
Stock market . 
The second part of presentation was taken by Mr Sunil Gakhar (Vice President and Regional 
Head for Business Development at MCX Delh). Mr Sunil Gakhar introduced several 

5 
 
concepts of Commodities trading to the students. He also explained the importance of Multi 
Commodities Exchange in India. He further elaborated on how students can invest in 
commodities  
The association also organised a quiz programme for the students where many students of  
MBA first year won prizes in the quiz programme. Some of the students who won prizes in 
quiz are Rahul Giri, Aryan Rawat, Himanshu ,  Aditi and Manya They also provided healthy 
refreshments to all students . All the student received participation certificate at the event. 
The students were also given MCX Bags at the event 
 
 
Conclusion 
 
The students learnt a lot about the financial industries and the role of SEBI. The visit proved 
to be fruitful under the guidance of faculty coordinators. Also, we extend our heartfelt thanks 
to Prof. (Dr.) Amit Gupta, HoD, MBA, MAIT. We extend our deep gratitude to association 
of SEBI- MCX for arranging such a wonderful visit. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

6 
 
Snap Shot: 
 
.            
                 

7 
 
 
 
 
 

