SOURCE_PDF: mgmt.mait.ac.in_images_pdf_Dossier_on_A_talk_on_Placement_GEARING_UP_FOR_THE_FUTURE-2nd_October.pdf

1 
 
 
Maharaja Agrasen Institute of Technology 
Department of Management, MBA 
                               
Dossier  
                                         
 
      On 
A TALK ON PLACEMENTS  
 GEARING UP FOR THE FUTURE 
 
Held On 
2nd October 2020 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

2 
 
 
S. No. 
Particulars  
 Page No. 
 
1. 
 
 
Form-A : Proposal to organize an event 
 
      
 3 
 
2. 
 
 
Form B : 
Part I -     Aim of the event 
Part II –   Abstract 
Part III –  Conclusion 
Part IV –  Snap Shot 
 
 
 
 
4 
4 
5 
6 
 
Teacher Coordinators: Mr. Nitin Walia, Dr Anoop Kumar Gupta, Mr. Rajiv Jain, Dr. Ritu Gupta,  
Mr. Ankur Ahuja 
Student Coordinators: Deepanshu Khurana, Mukta Jain, Ojaswi, Tamanna Mittal 
 
 
Dr. Amit Gupta 
HOD, Department of Management, MBA 
 
 
 
 
Prof.( Dr.) Neelam Sharma 
Director, MAIT 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

3 
 
FORM A 
 
 
Proposal: 
 
Name of the event:  
A Talk on Placement – Gearing up for the Future 
Date:                        
October 2, 2020 
Time:                       
11:00 a.m. to 1:00 p.m. 
Venue:                     
MS Teams 
Organized By:    
Department of Management (MBA, MAIT) 
 
Motivational Objective of the Activity:  
Placements give students the opportunity to gain skills specific to their subject or industry of choice as well 
as the employability skills required for real-life work. It also increases their knowledge of an industry or 
sector, allowing them to make better informed decisions about future career choices. This led to a 
tremendous help in opening up career opportunities for the students. It is further great for the students to see 
one of their Alumni who has been through the same journey now guide them.  So to highlight the various 
tips and tricks to get placements or to be an entrepreneur “A Talk on Placements” by Alumni of different 
batches is proposed for your kind approval. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

4 
 
Form B 
Part 1 
Aim of the event: 
Broad aims of the session are: 
● To develop an understanding of Placements through Campus. 
● To discuss various tips and tricks that could help the students to start their own ventures. 
● To discuss important elements like body language, better communication, salary negotiations, etc of 
an interview that will help students in the future for making their career. 
Part 2 
Abstract: 
An Alumni interactive session on “A Talk on Placements- Gearing up for the Future’’ was organised for 
MBA students batch 2019-2021 by the Department of Management, MBA, Maharaja Agrasen Institute of 
Technology on 2nd October 2020. The speakers for the session were six alumni of different batches of 
MBA namely Ms. Garima Tripathi (2008-10), Mr. Baljit Singh (2011-13), Ms. Sapna Dahiya (2013-15), 
Ms. Ritika Sethi (2015-17), Mr. Divij Bajaj (2016-18) & Mr. Shubham Gupta (2016-18)  
 They started the session with the evolution of recruitment and shared their experiences and journey with us 
starting from giving out hard copy resumes back in the 1990s to build a personal brand in the 2020s. Further, 
they highlighted the importance of giving positive affirmations to self and power postures to build self- 
confidence.  
Along with that, they also gave some tips for various common yet difficult questions. The session was very 
interactive and the students participated very enthusiastically by asking some interesting queries regarding 
their career options in HR, Marketing and Finance as well as Entrepreneurship.  
 
 
 
 
 

5 
 
Part 3 
  
Conclusion 
The session was very interactive and the students participated very enthusiastically by asking some 
interesting queries regarding the placements and growth opportunities. They got to know about the 
importance of personal branding, a positive approach, effective communication, and much more.  The 
complete content of the session was highly informative as well as motivational. It was well appreciated by 
the students.  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

6 
 
 
Snap Shot: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
                        
 
                  
 

