SOURCE_PDF: Report_3rd_National-Seminar-7May-2022_pdf.pdf

 
 
MAHARAJA AGRASEN INSTITUTE OF TECHNOLOGY 
(ISO:9001:2015 Certified) 
Approved by AICTE, Ministry of HRD, Govt. of India 
(Affiliated to Guru Gobind Singh Indraprastha University, Delhi) 
Department of Management, MBA 
                       
 
Report 
 
3rd National Seminar 
(Online Mode) 
7th May, 2022 
Evolving Paradigms in Marketing: Contemporary Opportunities and 
Challenges: [Changing Customer Dynamics in Post-Covid Era] 
 
Convener: Prof.(Dr.)Amit Gupta, HoD, Department of Management 
Faculty Coordinator :   Dr. Anju Bharti 
                                        Mr. Vivek Kuchhal 
 
The Third National Seminar started at 10:30 am with Saraswati Vandana and faculty 
coordinator Dr. Anju Bharti introduced the theme of the session. This was followed by the 
welcome address by the Director (MAIT), Dr Neelam Sharma.  This was followed by the 
address of the two Guests of Honour. The first guest of honour was Prof. (Dr.) Sunil Kumar 
Khatri, Founding Director, Amity University Tashkent, Uzbekistan.  
 
 
Dr Khatri started his talk with a historical perspective on marketing with focus on shifting 
of marketing elements from pre-pandemic era to post-pandemic era. There is a clear shift 
from traditional to digital media and channels. He shared lot of data from various media 
studies which clearly highlighted that there is a strong shift towards customer connect 
towards digital media and channels. Mr. Rajnish Virmani, CEO and Managing Partner, 
Positive Momemtum, A Global Management Consulting company was the second guest 
of honour. Mr Virmani had a very fundamental start from what is marketing. His focus 
was how much do we understand our customer. Also he involved in various changes in 

customer behaviour as seen by them in post covid era. Another important message he gave 
was –“ Do not be Sellers, Be Innovators”. 
 
It was followed by an address by the Shri S.P. Agarwal, Executive Chairman, MATES, 
who gave a very practical view of move towards traditional marketing to digital marketing. 
It was followed by the vote of thanks by Dr Amit Gupta, HOD, Department of 
Management, MAIT, Delhi. 
 
There was small break of half an hour, before the start of the first technical session. The 
first technical session was chaired by Dr M.K Bhat, Professor, MAIT.  
 
The first speaker in the first technical session was Mr. Kamal Preet Arora, Team Lead, 
S&P Global Market Intelligence, Delhi. He was an alumnus of MBA, MAIT in year 2010. 
He shared his journey of last 12 years with focus on how he had developed over the years 
as people’s manager and more so in post-covid times, specially when the teams are 
working from home and their problems are different and unique in nature. The second 
speaker was Dr Ashutosh Mohan, Associate Professor, IMS, BHU, Varanasi, who brought 
the subject of marketing from a candid academic perspective but shown some very creative 
ideas leading to Digital era. He emphasized the movement and growth from pure digital 
to mass customization to mass personalization times in post-covid era. 
 
There was a lunch break after the first technical session. The second technical session 
started at 2.50 pm.  The second technical session was chaired by Dr Neeru Gupta, Asst, 
Professor, MAIT. 
 
The first speaker in second technical session was Mr. Ashish Talwar, AVP Sales & 
Marketing IDC India & South Asia. Mr Talwar, besides touching all the marketing shift 
in focus towards digital era, brought a new perspective of Data Management approach to 
make the digital marketing happen. His focus was that the entire Hiring and Upskilling 
has to be in the direction of Data management tools and skills in post covid era and more 
so in future. The second speaker in this session was Dr. Soney Mathews, Associate Prof., 

St. Joseph’s College of Commerce, Bengaluru University. She brought a focus on 
customer retention through delivering value to the customers in various ways. Her focus 
was on Customer Centric Business Model. She brought the point that customer has 
sentiments and emotional connect with the products he or she buys. Covid has brough a 
huge shift in consumer behaviour. Focus on consumer interactions and learn where to 
adapt. 
 
The seminar was concluded with a brief valedictory session, reiterating the learning 
outcomes of the seminar.  A total of over 230 participants took part in the seminar. Each 
session was followed by questions from students, which were addressed by the respective 
speakers. 
 
 It was an interesting and insightful session that helped students in learning about the new 
trends in marketing and what opportunities and challenges it poses in post-covid era. 

