SOURCE_PDF: Report_Coca_cola_visit_17_December_2022_pdf.pdf

MAHARAJA AGRASEN INSTITUTE OF TECHNOLOGY 
                      
                                Department of Management, MBA 
 
Report 
On 
Industrial Visit 
Moon Beverages Ltd. Coca-Cola Happiness Factory (Coca-Cola plant), Greater Noida. 
 
Organised by: Department of Management, MBA, Maharaja Agrasen Institute of 
Technology, Delhi  
Date: 17th December, Saturday, 2022 
Time: 10:00 am onwards  
Venue: Moon Beverages Ltd. (Coca-Cola plant) 
2B/1, Ecotech-3, Udhyog Kendra,  
Gautam Buddha Nagar, Greater Noida,  
U.P -201308 
No. of students visited: 50, Batch: MBA First Year (1B&1C) (2022-24) 
Faculty Coordinators:  Dr. Anju Bharti,  Mr. Nitin Walia  
 
The Industrial visit to Coca cola Moon beverages, Greater Noida and India's Only Happiness 
Factory Museum was organised by Department of Management, MBA, MAIT on 17th 
December,2022 for the MBA first year (Batch 2022-24). 
Moon Beverages is the authorised manufacturer for bottling different Coca Cola Products. The 
existing installed capacity of the company is 10 million cases per annum. 
 The visit was organized with the objective of giving them an insight into the state of the art 
manufacturing (production and operation) and bottling process of Coca Cola and its other 
variants. Also, to make them aware about the connection between the theory and its practical 
application as the Management is all about practical implications of the theoretical concepts.  
Details of Visit 
The students (MBA Ist yr) accompanied with faculty members Dr. Anju Bharti, MBA, MAIT 
and Mr. Nitin Walia MBA, MAIT reached Moon beverages, Coca-Cola plant at 9.45am by 
bus. 

 The students were given a brief of the rules and guidelines to be followed by them. The 
students were divided in two groups and were taken for the plant visit with their respective 
plant guides.  
We were welcomed by Mr. Saurabh Singh, Marketing manager, Coca-Cola Happiness Factory 
& plant guides. An introductory session was conducted by plant guides regarding useful 
information about the Coca-Cola Company through a video. The video show was all about: 
1.An insight into the historical background of Coca Cola 
2. Products ordered worldwide i.e. Maaza, Thumbs Up, Fanta, Sprite, Coke, Kinley etc 
3.There are more than 3800 products and more than 500 brand 
4.The CSR activities done by Coca Cola. 
They also cleared the myths regarding the ill effects of Coca-Cola logically. After sharing the   
Informational details, they took us to ‘THE VAULT’ where plant guides explained the students 
about  boiling process including the preparation of the coca cola base, steaming process, rinsing 
process,  coding process, pasteurising process, decarbonisation, formation of syrup mix, 
checking the temperature and showed us how the packaging take place. 
It also had the museum where various artifacts were displayed, like the history of bottles used 
for coca-cola, how the shapes and colour of the bottle changed in last several decades. They 
also showed us the replica of coke studio by which they sponsor a musical programme on 
television. The students got an opportunity of clicking some memorable pics there. 
Students understood the following:  
1. International quality control of cold drinks;  
2. Various stages of automated manufacturing of Coke;  
3. Number of steps involved in maintenance of the plant to adhere to standard safety norms;  
4. The process of working of Water Treatment Plant;  
5. Current CSR practices being adopted; and  
6. Labour welfare activities in automated 24x7 working environment 
 The plant guides explained all processes to students and handled all their quries. At the end, 
they offered us coca cola cans to drink and we clicked some memorable group pics with them. 
We returned back by 3.30pm. 

 The industrial visit to Coca cola was of great knowledge as it provided us with the insights of 
the industry as well as provided the managerial exposure which would further help students in 
their internship and building future career. The students were highly enthusiastic during the 
visit. It was overall a memorable experience for all of us 
This initiative of student’s learning was supported by the HoD Prof. (Dr.) Amit Gupta, 
Department of Management, MBA, MAIT. 
Memorable Pics: 
  
 
 

