SOURCE_PDF: Dossier_Industrial_Visit_to_BSE_10_nov_2022_pdf.pdf

1 
 
 
Maharaja Agrasen Institute of Technology 
Department of Management, MBA 
                             Dossier  
                                 on 
‘Industrial Visit to BSE Institute Ltd.’ 
 
Held On 
November 10, 2022 
 
 

2 
 
 
S. No. 
Particulars  
 Page No. 
 
1. 
 
 
Form-A : Proposal to organize a Visit 
 
      
 3 
 
2. 
 
 
Form B : 
Part I -     Aim of the Visit 
Part II –   Abstract 
Part III –  Conclusion 
Part IV –  Snap Shot 
 
 
 
 
4 
4 
5 
6 
 
 
Faculty Co-ordinator: 
Dr. Neeru Gupta, Assistant Professor 
Dr. Anju Bharti, Assistant Professor 
 
 
                              
 
Prof.(Dr.) Amit Gupta 
HOD, Department of Management, MBA 
 
                                        
                                            Prof.( Dr.) Neelam Sharma 
Director, MAIT 
 
 
 
 
 
 

3 
 
 
 
FORM A 
 
 
Proposal : 
 
Name Of the Event: ‘ Industrial Visit to BSE Institute Ltd. 
 
Date :                       November 10, 2022 
 
Time :                      11:00 am 
 
Venue :                    : BSE Institute Limited, 101, 1st Floor, Aggarwal Corporate Tower, 
23, District Center, Rajendra Place, New Delhi – 110008 
Faculty Coordinators: Dr. Neeru Gupta, Dr. Anju Bharti 
 
Organized By:  Department of Management, MAIT 
 
Motivational Objective of the Activity:  
 
The objective of this Visit is to provide practical exposure to students in the field of 
finance. The visit will give insights about the capital market and will assist them 
in becoming well-rounded professionals in the field of finance. Students will 
know various career opportunities in the field of securities markets and 
Investments 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

4 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Form B 
 
Part 1 
 
Aim of the event: 
 
The aim of the Visit was to acquaint students with Capital market. Students will 
understand the basics of Capital markets, the terminology used in the markets, 
various investment avenues, and its working from Indian markets scenarios. 
Students will also get some fundamental and Technical analysis tips.  
 
 
Part 2 
 
Abstract : 
 
The students with faculty reached the office at 10.30 am. The students were given 
a warm welcome address by Mr. Sanjiv Das (Faculty/Trainer, BSE Institute Ltd.) 
and Ms. Anshu Raheja (Deputy Manager, BSE Institute Ltd.) in which they made 
aware of actually what is Capital market, under the Investor Awareness Program. 
At BSE, they shared the knowledge and insights into the capital markets industry, 
which was garnered over the past 141 years 
hey discussed how BSE enables investors to trade in equities, currencies, debt 
instruments, derivatives, and mutual funds. They also provided information about 
other important capital market trading services such as risk management, 
clearing, settlement, and investor education. 

5 
 
They elaborated the meaning of stock exchange that how it helps companies raise 
capital or money by issuing equity shares to be sold to investors and the 
companies invest those funds back into their business, and investors, ideally, earn 
a profit from their investment in those companies. 
The session also provided detailed knowledge about investment. Topics relating 
to Investment avenues and Principles of safe investment also discussed under this 
session. Along with it the experts shared some tips to choose right shares for 
investment. They also introduced the students to various certification courses by 
the centre for enhancing career options.  
We 
extend 
our 
deep 
gratitude 
to 
both 
of 
them. 
The visit proved to be fruitful under the guidance of Dr. Neeru Gupta and        Dr. 
Anju Bharti. Also, we extend our heartfelt thanks to Prof. (Dr.) Amit Gupta, HoD, 
MBA, MAIT and Ms. Anshu Raheja (Deputy Manager, BSE Institute Ltd.) for 
arranging such a wonderful visit. 
 
Part 3 
 
Conclusion 
 
This Visit enriched students with the knowledge of capital market and various 
career opportunities. Students learned some trading skills and got tips for 
choosing security for investment.  The students got insights about various job 
profiles available in the securities market. It also fleshes light on different 
certification that can help students in capacity building and getting the job.  
Overall it was a great learning for students. 
 
 
 
 

6 
 
Snap Shot: 
 
 
 
 
    
 
                  
 
                              
 
 
 
                        
 

