SOURCE_PDF: mgmt.mait.ac.in_images_pdf_Report_on_OrientationThe_Connect__Sept_2023.pdf

  
MAHARAJA AGRASEN INSTITUTE OF TECHNOLOGY 
(ISO:9001:2015 Certified) 
Approved by AICTE, Ministry of HRD, Govt. of India 
                                 (Affiliated to Guru Gobind Singh Indraprastha University, Delhi) 
Department of Management 
Report on 
Orientation:  ‘The Connect’  2023,15th September 2023 
MBA (2023-25) & BBA (2023-26) 
 
 
 
 

Venue: Main Auditorium 
Participants: MBA 1st year (2023-25), BBA 1st year (2023-26), B.Tech All dept. 1st Year 
Date: 15th September, 2023 
Time: 11:00 am onwards 
Faculty Coordinator from Dept. Of Management: Dr. Anju Bharti & Dr. Sangeeta Rawal 
Maharaja Agrasen Institute of Technology (MAIT) organized an Orientation Programme “Connect - 
2023” for the incoming first-year students of MBA, BBA and B-Tech under the guidance and blessings 
of Dr. Nand Kishore Garg, Founder-Chairman, MATES and Shri Vineet Kumar Lohia, Chairman, 
MATES. The event was a splendid manifestation of the MATES' voice and vision.  
 The programme commenced with the lighting of the lamp by Shri S.P. Goel (Vice-Chairman, MATES), 
Shri Jagdish Mittal (Vice-Chairman, MATES), Shri Gyanendra Srivastava (CEO, MATES), Shri 
Rajnish Gupta (Secretary, MATES), Prof S.K. Garg (Director-General, MAIMS) Prof. Dr. Neelam 
Sharma (Director, MAIT). Prof. Dr. S.S. Deswal (Dean, Academics), Prof. Dr. Rajni Malhotra Dhingra 
(Director, MAIMS) with HoDs of different departments of MAIT. This was followed by the enchanting 
Saraswati Vandana, invoking the blessings of the goddess of wisdom. To promote a sense of calm and 
unity among the crowd, a beautiful rendition of the ‘Kulgeet’ was performed. The heartfelt performance 
set the stage for an engaging and informative session. 
 Proceeding, Professor Dr. Neelam Sharma, the esteemed Director of MAIT, extended a warm welcome 
to the fresh faces, emphasizing the Institution's commitment to nurturing young minds and fostering 
holistic development. Her words of encouragement and guidance set a positive tone for the day. Shri 
Gyanendra Srivastava, CEO of the MATES, took the stage to share the Institution's vision and mission. 
He emphasized the pivotal role of innovation and discipline in education, setting the bar high for 
academic excellence. All the dignitaries present also encouraged the freshman year students, 
underlining the importance of co-curricular activities. They reaffirmed the students that the institute 
will provide them with a supportive platform to explore their passions.  
A dynamic power-point presentation by the final year MBA students were presented for the first year 
students which offered students a comprehensive visual overview of the Institution's impressive track 
record, diverse academic programs, and state-of-the-art campus facilities. It also showcased the vibrant 
academic-cum-cultural societies, inviting students to explore their interests beyond academics.  
A special segment highlighted the National Cadet Corps (NCC) and National Service Scheme (NSS), 
emphasizing the importance of community service, collaboration and leadership. The section 
highlighted how such qualities are essential for personal and professional skill building.  

The event was a conglomeration of cultural and artistic talent. Affinity, the lead band of MAIT, 
mesmerized the audience with a captivating group performance. This was followed by stunning dance 
performances by the talented members of Funk-in-Motion, Official Dance Society of MAIT.  
The session concluded with a heartfelt vote of thanks, acknowledging the dignitaries, dedicated faculty 
members, and enthusiastic students for their participation and patience. It reaffirmed the Institution's 
unwavering commitment to guiding and supporting its students throughout their academic journey, 
promising a bright and successful future for all. 
 
 

 

