SOURCE_PDF: mgmt.mait.ac.in_images_pdf_Report_Industrial_Visit_BSE10th_Nov_2022.pdf

 
 
MAHARAJA AGRASEN INSTITUTE OF TECHNOLOGY 
                      
 
Report  
on 
 
Industrial Visit 
BSE Institute Limited,  
101, 1th Floor, Aggarwal Corporate Tower, 23, District Center,  
Rajendra Place, New Delhi - 110008 
 
Organised by: Department of Management, MBA, Maharaja Agrasen Institute of 
Technology, Delhi  
Date: 10th November, Thursday, 2022   
Venue: BSE Institute Limited, 101, 1st Floor, Aggarwal Corporate Tower, 23, District 
Center, Rajendra Place, New Delhi – 110008 
No. of students visited: 47, Batch: MBA First Year (1B) (2022-24) 
Faculty Coordinator: Dr. Neeru Gupta, Dr. Anju Bharti 
 
In order to provide practical exposure to students in the field of finance, Department of 
Management,MBA, MAIT ,GGSIP University organised an Industrial cum Corporate visit to 
BSE Institute Ltd.,  Investor's Service Center, 101, 1st Floor, Aggarwal Corporate Tower, 23, 
District Center, Rajendra Place, New Delhi – 110008 on 10th November, 2022. The visit was 
organised by faculty Coordinators: Dr Neeru Gupta and Dr. Anju Bharti, Department of 
Management, MBA, MAIT. 
The students with faculty reached the office at 10.30 am. The students were given a warm 
welcome address by Mr. Sanjiv Das (Faculty/Trainer, BSE Institute Ltd.) and Ms. Anshu 
Raheja (Deputy Manager, BSE Institute Ltd.) in which they made aware of actually what is 
BSE, under the Investor Awareness Program, who explained the students about the role and 
features of BSE. At BSE, they shared the knowledge and insights into the capital markets 
industry, which was garnered over the past 141 years. 

They discussed how BSE enables investors to trade in equities, currencies, debt instruments, 
derivatives, and mutual funds. They also provided information about other important capital 
market trading services such as risk management, clearing, settlement, and investor education.  
They elaborated the meaning of stock exchange that how it helps companies raise capital or 
money by issuing equity shares to be sold to investors and the companies invest those funds 
back into their business, and investors, ideally, earn a profit from their investment in those 
companies. 
The session also provided detailed knowledge about investment. Topics relating to Investment 
avenues and Principles of safe investment also discussed under this session. They also 
introduced the students to various certification courses by the center for enhancing career 
options.  
We 
extend 
our 
deep 
gratitude 
to 
both 
of 
them. 
The visit proved to be fruitful under the guidance of Dr. Neeru Gupta and Dr. Anju Bharti. 
Also, we extend our heartfelt thanks to Prof. (Dr.) Amit Gupta, HoD, MBA, MAIT and Ms. 
Anshu Raheja (Deputy Manager, BSE Institute Ltd.) for arranging such a wonderful visit. 
 
Snap shots: 
 
 

      
 
      
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 

