SOURCE_PDF: Report-Workshop-ITR-Filing-15March-2024_pdf.pdf

 
 
 
MAHARAJA AGRASEN INSTITUTE OF TECHNOLOGY 
(ISO:9001:2015 Certified) 
Approved by AICTE, Ministry of HRD, Govt. of India 
(Affiliated to Guru Gobind Singh Indraprastha University, Delhi) 
 
Department of Management 
 
Report  
On 
           Online Filing of Income Tax Return (ITR-1) Workshop 
 
 
  
 
Organiser  : Department of Management, Maharaja Agrasen Institute Of Technology 
Audience   :  BBA-4th Semester Students  
Date           : 15 March, 2024 
Timings     : 2:00 - 4:00 PM 
Venue        : Block 7 (Room No. 743) 
Faculty Coordinators: Dr. Vivek Kuchhal and Dr. Ratika Sikand  

 
A Workshop on “Online Filing of Income Tax Return (ITR-1)” was organized for the students of 
BBA-4th Semester by The Department of Management, Maharaja Agrasen Institute of Technology on 
March 15th, 2024.  The resource persons for the event were Mr.  Pravendra Bhargava and Mr Nishant 
Madhukar, Tax Consultants from Deepak S Kumar & Co., Chartered Accountants, New Delhi. 
The event started at 2 p.m. The Guest Speaker was welcomed by Dr Vivek Kuchhal with a Memento 
and Sampling as a token of appreciation. 
 
Objective of Workshop:  
To provide knowledge and hands-on skills in filing of Online Income Tax Returns (ITR-1).  
A brief introduction about the topic of the Workshop: 
 
The importance of filing Income Tax Return Online can hardly be over-emphasized in today’s competitive 
world as all the citizens have to file it who have taxable income in their name. It becomes even more 
important as it is a skill by which students would be able to conduct training programs and also file online 
returns and support themselves financially if the need arises. 
 
To unlock the secrets of Online filing of Income Tax Returns for BBA fourth-semester students of MAIT, 
a workshop was organized with inputs from two tax consultants from Deepak S Kumar & Co, Chartered 
Accountants, Delhi. The resource persons were Mr. Pravendra Bhargava and Mr. Nishant Madhukar, Tax 
Consultants with the above firm. 
 
The speaker started by discussing the various risks that startup founders take in doing a startup. He 
highlighted that with the increase in online exposure, individuals and organizations are more vulnerable 
to various risks to which startups are more vulnerable. 
 
The speaker walked the students through a series of steps online, involving the following aspects of 
Online Filing of Income Tax Returns: 
 
1. Number of ITR forms and their applicability primarily focussing on ITR-1 Form Sahaj 
2. General Information required to be given in Part- A (ITR Form-1) 
3. PART-B: Gross Total Income i.e Salary, rent from one house property, Income from other sources 
and Agricultural income not exceeding Rs. 5000/- 
4. Part-C Taxable income after deductions 
5. Part D: Computation of Tax Payable 
 

6. Part-E: Other Information 
7. Basic Idea on major deductions 
8. Major points to be considered during the filing of ITR 
9. (Verification and reconciliation of information available on Department portal- 26 AS, AIS, TIS,) 
 
This was followed by the Question & Answer session. 
The presenters further highlighted the other different aspects relating to: 
• Advance Tax 
• Set off and carry forward losses 
• Late filing and revision of ITRs 
• Penalty for late filing of ITR 
 
Presenters resolved the queries raised by students. The workshop provided the students with a better 
understanding of how to do Online filing of ITR-1. The workshop was quite useful in spreading the 
knowledge among students about the topic. The workshop was followed by a vote of thanks and a 
group photo with all the students present in the workshop.

 
Glimpse of the Workshop 
 
 
 
 

