SOURCE_PDF: FDP_2023_Report_for_website_compressed_pdf.pdf

MAHARAJA AGRASEN INSTITUTE OF TECHNOLOGY 
DEPARTMENT OF MANAGEMENT 
 
 
Report 
on 
One-Week Faculty Development Program 
on 
“Basic and Advanced Research Techniques: A PLS-SEM Approach” 
(3-7 JULY, 2023) 
 
Resource Persons:  
 
Dr Puja Khatri, Professor 
USMS, GGSIP University, Delhi 
 
Dr. Neeraj Kaushik, Associate Professor & HOD 
Dept of Business Administration, National Institute of Technology, Kurukshetra 
and 
Dr. Simarjeet Singh, Assistant Professor 
Great Lakes Institute of Management, Gurgaon 
 
Convener: Dr. Amit Gupta, HOD - Dept. of Management 
Coordinators: Dr. Anoop Kumar Gupta, Dr. Sanjeev Kumar and Dr. Sukhvinder Singh 
Co-Coordinators: Dr. Nitin Walia, Mr. Nishant Gaur and Ms. Neha Sharma 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
Topic: Basic and Advanced Research Techniques: A PLS-SEM Approach 
Venue: Room No 741, Block 7, MAIT Campus 
Coordinators:        Dr Anoop Kumar Gupta, Dr Sanjeev Kumar & Dr Sukhvinder Singh 
Co-coordinators:   Dr Nitin Walia, Mr Nishant Gaur, Ms Neha Sharma 
 
The Department of Management, MAIT organized a One-week offline Faculty Development Program 
(FDP) on the topic of “Basic and Advanced Research Techniques: A PLS-SEM Approach” from 3rd to 7th 
July 2023. The resource persons were Dr. Puja Khatri, Professor, USMS, GGSIP University, Delhi; Dr 
Neeraj Kaushik, Associate Professor and HOD, Department of Business Administration, National Institute 
of Technology, Kurukshetra; and Dr Simarjeet Singh, Assistant Professor, Great Lakes Institute of 
Management, Gurgaon.  The group of participants included Faculty members and Research Scholars from 
various prominent Universities and Institutions of Delhi/NCR and North and Central India. 
 
INAUGURATION OF THE FDP: 
The FDP commenced with an inaugural program that started with a brief introduction about the Institute 
given by Dr Sukhvinder Singh, FDP Coordinator. It followed up with Saraswati Vandana and lighting of the 
lamp by the dignitaries. Then the theme of the FDP program was introduced to the dignitaries and 
participants by the FDP Coordinator Dr. Anoop Kumar Gupta. The welcome speech was given by the 
Director, MAIT, Prof. (Dr.) Neelam Sharma. This was followed by an enlightening speech by Shri S.P. 
Agarwal (IAS), Executive Chairman, MATES. The Dignitaries were welcomed by presenting saplings to 
them. Thereafter, Dr Sanjeev Kumar, FDP Coordinator introduced the first resource person, Dr Puja Khatri 
to the audience. 
The inaugural session concluded with a vote of thanks by Prof. (Dr.) Amit Gupta, HOD, MAIT. A total of 
over 55 external participants were present in the inaugural session. The Inaugural session was followed by 
High Tea. 
 
 

 
 
 
 

Day 1 – 3 July, 2023 – Session 1 
 
It started at 9:30 am. Dr. Puja Khatri started the session on Scale Development in Research with very 
innovative examples as to how it is vital for meaningful data collection under various situations. 
 
The following topics were covered in Session 1: 
• Introduction to Scale development in research – Concept, Constructs and Items 
• How to develop scales for different research questions 
• Different types of Scales being used in HR/OB research areas 
 
Practical examples were discussed with a step-by-step approach. Participants learnt the concepts very well. 
It was followed by the lunch break. 
 
 
Day 1 – 3 July, 2023 – Session 2 
 
Session started at 2.30 pm. Dr Puja Khatri started the session with very innovative examples to 
summarize the first session. The following topics were covered in Session 2: 
 
• Difference between Reflective and Formative Constructs 
• Basic representation of these constructs in PLS-SEM software 
• Steps in developing a Questionnaire and checking its validity and reliability 
 
Participants learnt the concepts very well and practiced on their laptops. 
 
 
 
Day 2 – 4 July, 2023 – Session 1 
The session started at 9.00 a.m. Dr Neeraj Kaushik started the session on Basic Research fundamentals 
using the difference between Regression and Correlation using the life related examples in our personal 
lives.  
 

The following topics were covered in Session 1: 
 
• How to identify variables from the Objectives? 
• Decision on Measurement scales 
• Role of Variable – Dependent and Independent, Moderating and Mediating Variables, Marker 
Variables and Control Variables 
• What do the researcher want to do with the identified variables? 
 
Practical examples were discussed with a step-by-step approach. Participants learnt the concepts very 
well. It was followed by a 15-minute tea-break. 
 
 
 
Day 2 – 4 July, 2023 – Session 2 
 
It started on 11.45 am. Dr Neeraj Kaushik continued the session on Basic research process and other steps 
needed to deal with different types of research variables. He discussed various research methods and the 
data analysis techniques that should be used for analyzing the data collected. He explained the basis of 
selection of the analytical techniques, and how the selection is affected by the type of measurement scale 
used in the data collection instrument. The selection of techniques was based on the nature of Dependent 
and Independent variables i.e., whether they were collected through nominal, ordinal, interval or ratio 
measurement scales. 
Participants learnt the concepts and practiced on their laptops.  It was followed by Lunch break. 
 
Day 2 – 4 July, 2023 – Session 3 
 
It started on 2.15 pm. Dr Neeraj Kaushik continued the session on Regression and correlation concepts 
with practical examples from our daily lives. In particular, the following topics were covered by him: 
 
• 
Simple Regression Model – significance of r and r-square using SPSS hands-on exercises 
• 
Multi-collinearity between IDVs in detail and how to identify significant variables after identifying 
multi-collinearity using regression  

• 
Concept of Normality and how it matters in research situations 
• 
Basic Introduction to checking Validity and Reliability of Constructs and its scope  
• 
Need for CFA and EFA and their use and relevance in PLS-SEM software 
 
The session was followed by the Tea before the conclusion of the day. 
 
Day 3 – 5 July, 2023 – Session 1 
 
It started at 9.00 am. Dr Neeraj Kaushik covered how to make the Conceptual Model using the ISM / TISM 
approach.  
He further provided a systematic, evidence-based guide to the formation of the Meta analysis model using 
Meta Essentials.  Model Building Rules were discussed and detail and demonstrated to the researchers, 
which can be followed by researchers with modest statistical training.  
He demonstrated various functions using SMART-ISM package and supplemented it with practical 
examples to show it on screen with hands-on exercises. 
Practical exercises were discussed with a step-by-step approach. Session was followed by a tea-break. 
 
Day 3 – 5 July, 2023 – Session 2 
 
It started on 11.30 am – Dr Neeraj Kaushik started this session by covering the following topics in detail: 
Establishing Construct Validity: 
- Face validity – checking language/ grammar 
- Content validity – checking validity of dimensions 
For Reflective and Formative constructs, the following two types of validity were discussed: 
- Convergent Validity  
- Discriminant Validity 
- Nomological Validity 
These concepts were demonstrated through SMART-PLS software, which is based on partial least square 
based structural equation modelling. The session was followed by  lunch-break. 
 
Day 3 – 5 July, 2023 – Session 3 
 
It started on 2 pm – Dr Neeraj Kaushik started this session by continuing to cover different functions of 
SMART-PLS software. The following concepts were discussed in depth:  
 
- Structural Modelling using CFA and EFA 
- Factor Loadings and Weights in Reflective and Formative Constructs respectively 
- Interpretation of results for CFA and EFA analysis 
- Model Improvement features in SMART PLS 
 
Participants practiced the exercises on their laptops. It was followed by the Tea break before the day was 
called off. 
 

Day 4 – 6 July, 2023 – Session 1 
 
It started at 9.00 am. Dr Neeraj Kaushik continued on the concepts he discussed on Day 3 on Mediation and 
Moderation. He specifically covered the steps related to: 
 
• Mediation – Total Effect, broken down into Direct and Indirect effects 
• Partial Mediation 
• Bootstrapping 
 
Practical examples were discussed with datafiles using a step-by-step approach. It was followed by a tea- 
break. 
 
Day 4 – 6 July, 2023 – Session 2 
 
It started on 11.30 a.m. – Dr Neeraj Kaushik started this session by covering a full comprehensive 
presentation on Mediation and Moderation Approaches and Flowcharts. He focused on Moderation 
approaches in detail with Metric and Non-metric data types.  Practical exercises on both types of 
moderation variables were done and participants learnt a lot from this session. 
It was followed by lunch break. 
 
Day 4 – 6 July, 2023 – Session 3 
 
It started on 2 pm – Dr Neeraj Kaushik started this session by continuing to revise and further cover the 
various items under Mediation and Moderation. The following concepts were specifically covered: 
 
• Control Variables 
• Higher Order Constructs 
• Lower Order Constructs  
 
Detailed steps were discussed for both Higher Order and Lower Order Constructs using SMART- PLS 
software, including the interpretation of results. 
Participants practiced the exercises on their laptops. It was followed by the Tea break before the day was 
called off. 
 
Day 5 – 7 July, 2023 – Session 1 
 
It started at 9.30 am. Dr Simarjeet Singh started the day with a session on “Art of Literature Review”.  He 
covered the following types of literature review: 
- Domain based review 
- Theory based review 
- Method based review 
- Meta-analytical review 
- Different Frameworks – 5W+1H, TCCM, ADO and IMO frameworks 
Practical examples were discussed with a review of papers online. Participants learnt the concepts very 
well. It was followed by a tea-break. 

 
 
 
 
Day 5 – 7 July, 2023 – Session 2 
 
It started on 11.30 am – Dr Simarjeet Singh started this session with focus on concept of “Bibliometric 
Review”. This type of review is relevant only when number of papers are quite large, e.g., over 200 papers. 
He covered the following specific tools: 
- Citespace 
- Scimat 
- Performance mapping and Network mapping 
- Qualitative studies  
- Multi-vocal literature review 
 
It was followed by lunch break. 
 
Day 5 – 7 July, 2023 – Session 3  
 
It started on 2.15 pm – Dr Simarjeet Singh started the session by continuing to cover Bibliometric Analysis 
in detail with focus on hands-on demonstration of features of Biblioshiny tool. He covered the following 
features in Biblioshiny tool: 
 
- Import file into Biblioshiny 
- Performance mapping and Network mapping 
- Quantity and Quality parameters 
- Citation Analysis and ratio between local citation to total citations 
- Page rank Analysis 
- Clustering analysis 
-  
In the end, he discussed some critical aspects of paper writing which are often neglected by researchers 
and leads to rejections by good journals. 

 
This was followed by a brief valedictory session. 
 
Ms Neha Sharma welcomed the dignatories to the valedictory session. Participation certificates were 
distributed by the Director MAIT Prof. (Dr.) Neelam Sharma, Dean Academics Prof. (Dr.) S.S. Deswal 
and HOD Prof. (Dr.) Amit Gupta to various participants who attended the FDP. The session ended with 
feedback from some of the participants. Overall, it was a good learning experience for the participants. 
 
 
 
 

