SOURCE_PDF: mgmt.mait.ac.in_images_pdf_dossier_on_JCB_Industrial_Visit1.pdf

1 
 
 
Maharaja Agrasen Institute of Technology 
Department of Management, MBA 
Dossier 
On 
INDUSTRIAL VISIT TO JCB  
Held On 
20TH February, 2020 
 
 
 
 

2 
 
 
S. No. 
Particulars  
 Page No. 
 
1. 
 
 
Form-A : Proposal to Industrial Visit JCB 
 
 3 
 
2. 
 
 
Form B : 
Part I - Aim of the Visit 
Part II – Abstract 
Part III –Conclusion 
Part IV – Snap Shot 
 
 
 
 
4 
4 
5 
6 
 
Event Incharge: 
Mr. Rajiv Jain     
 : Assistant Professor 
Mr. Ankur Ahuja 
:  Assistant Professor 
 
 
 
 
                                                 Dr. Amit Gupta 
HOD, Department of Management, MBA 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

3 
 
 
FORM A 
 
 
Proposal: 
 
Name of the Event: 
 Industrial Visit to JCB India Limited,  
Location 
 
:  
JCB Ballabgarh (Faridabad), Haryana. 
Date  
 
:          20th February, 2020 
Time  
 
:        10:00 AM – 5:00 PM 
Organized By 
:          Department of Management, MBA, MAIT 
 
 
 
 
Motivational Objective of the Visit:  
 
Industrial Visit gives great clarity about the important management concepts, as students 
practically experience how these concepts are put into action. Industry Visit enhances 
interpersonal skills of the students. 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

4 
 
Form B 
 
Part 1 
 
Aim of the event: 
 
Industrial visit helps student to know things practically through interaction, working methods 
and employment practices. Moreover, it gives exposure from academic point of view. Main 
aim of Industrial visit is to provide an exposure to students about practical working 
environment. 
 
Part 2 
 
Abstract: 
 
As a part of the course curriculum of MBA, a One – day Industrial Visit was organized on 
20th February, 2020 for 30 MBA first year students of section B to “JCB India Limited 
(HQ)” plant in Ballabgarh (Faridabad) Haryana. 
JCB India Limited is a leading manufacturer of earthmoving and construction equipment in 
India. The company started as a joint venture in 1979 and is now a fully owned subsidiary 
of J.C Bamford Excavators, United Kingdom. With five state-of-the-art factories in India, it 
today manufactures a wide range of world-class equipment, not only for India but also for 
Global markets.  The Ballabgarh factory near New Delhi, which is the World’s Largest 
Factory for Backhoe Loaders, is also the Headquarters for JCB India. This facility, apart from 
Backhoe Loaders, also manufactures Skid Steer Loaders, Telehandlers, Diesel Generators, 
and Diesel Engines. 
An introductory session was conducted by Mr. Naveen (Manager) having over a decade years 
of experience in handling operation. Mr. Naveen provided very useful information about the 
JCB India limited such as: 
An insight into the historical background of JCB India Limited. 
Products offered worldwide i.e. Backhoe loader, Skid Steer Loaders, Tele-handlers, Diesel 
Generators and Diesel Engines. 
Various Quality Standards followed like 5S, KAIZEN, PokaYoke, and JIT (Just in Time) etc. 
Various Certifications acquired (ISO 9001, ISO 14000, ISO 50000, Quality Circle) 
Mentioned about every activity happening in the plant like Assembly, Machining, Welding, 
Automation and Research & Development. 
 

5 
 
Part 3 
 
Conclusion 
 
The industrial visit to JCB India limited was an enriching experience for students in getting 
live exposure to manufacturing which can help them in their internships and further career 
enhancements.  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

6 
 
Snap Shot: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

