SOURCE_PDF: ORIENTATION-MBA_2020_pdf.pdf

MAHARAJA AGRASEN INSTITUTE OF TECHNOLOGY 
DEPARTMENT OF MANAGEMENT 
Orientation Program 
The Connect 2020 
 
Date: 7th December 2020  
Venue: Online on MS Teams 
Time: 4 PM 
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 
Department of Management (MBA), Maharaja Agrasen Institute of Technology, affiliated to 
GGSIPU, Delhi organized an orientation program for its new batch of students of MBA -
2020-22 program. Due to constraints imposed by the pandemic, it was conducted online this 
year with the participation of 180 students. As per the convention of the institute, the program 
began with Saraswati Vandana invoking the blessings of Saraswati, the goddess of 
knowledge and learning. 
Theevent was commenced with awarm welcome speech ofthe Head of Department of 
Management (MBA), Dr. Amit Gupta who talked about the values and culture of the institute 
and their importance in one’s life. Prof. Dr. M.L. Goyal Vice Chairman, Academics MATES 
addressed the students and delivered his words of wisdom to the incoming batch.  Prof Dr. 
Neelam Sharma, Director MAIT motivated students to start their journey on a positive note. 
Dr. N. K.Garg, Founder Chairman and Chief Advisor, MATES graced the occasion with his 
profound speech to the freshers and imparted some knowledge about the history of the 
institute. 
Consequently, senior students of MBA batch 2019-21, presented and oriented freshers with 
guiding philosophy, vision, and mission and rich core values upheld by the Maharaja Agrasen 
Institute of Technology, Delhi including Havan which is done every year at the beginning of 
the academic session. They were oriented to the top management of the Institute through their 
engaging presentation highlighting pillars of strength and guiding lights of the institute. 

Students were oriented towards the various aspects on their Curriculum, Academic Calendar, 
Code of conduct, dress code, the classes, Internships, Industrial Visits, Projects, duties and 
responsibilities expected from them.Faculty in various management areas were also 
introduced. A glimpse of various webinars and seminars was also shown to the freshers along 
with the fun they are going to have in the institute. The new batch was also appraised of 
various Club activities and other endeavours undertaken by the department for job readiness 
and overall holistic development of students. Placement cell activities and details about the 
placement package offered were also shared. The Glimpses of the Sports and Annual Cultural 
Festivals were also shown to them. 
 The presentation concluded on a high note with a beautiful poem welcoming fresher 
composed by one of the senior students followed by information on the timetable, declaration 
of sections, and other relevant details for the new academic session 2020-2021, which was to 
commence on 8 December, 2020. 
  
   
 
    
  
    
 

