SOURCE_PDF: Dossier_3rd_National_seminar_7_May_22-compressed_pdf.pdf

 
Maharaja Agrasen Institute of Technology 
Department of Management, MBA 
Dossier 
3rd National Seminar,7th May,22 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
S. No. 
Particulars 
Page No. 
1. 
Form-A : Proposal to organize an event 
3 
2. 
Form B : 
Part I - Aim of the event 
Part II – Abstract 
Part III –Conclusion 
Part IV – Snap Shot 
4 
4-5 
5 
6 
 
 
Event Coordinators: 
Dr Anju Bharti 
: 
Assistant  Professor 
Mr. Vivek Kuchhal 
: 
Assistant  Professor 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Dr. Amit Gupta 
HOD, Department of Management, MBA 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

FORM A 
 
 
Proposal: 
 
   Name of the Event:          Seminar on Evolving Paradigms in Marketing: 
Contemporary Opportunities and Challenges: [Changing Customer Dynamics in 
Post-Covid Era] (Online) 
 
Location 
: 
Department of Management MAIT, Rohini, Delhi 
 
Date 
: 
7th May, 2022 
 
Time 
: 
10.30 AM – 4:00 PM 
Organized By 
: 
Department of Management, MBA, MAIT 
 
 
 
 
Motivational Objective: 
 
Marketing over the years has become dynamic and complex and is constantly evolving. It can be 
hard to keep up with ongoing changes. The most successful marketers have one thing in common 
that they find a way to gain an edge over their competitors. Marketers who can analyze the trends 
and prepare for the future have the best chances of setting their companies up for success. In this 
new age of customer experience, a combination of data and creativity is going to set the leaders 
apart from the laggards. Marketers are giving greater focus on personalization like immersive 
social media experiences. All types of business in a variety of industries are also leveraging 
content marketing like publishing blogs, investing in resources to produce unique content, and 
paying for content-related ads. 
In order to bring the latest knowledge on marketing trends, challenges and opportunities, the 
Seminar was held inviting the eminent and experienced marketing professionals to deliberate on 
the various themes of the Seminar. 
 

 
 
Form 
B Part 
1 
Aim of the event: 
 
The seminar would be a platform for facilitating academic interactions, dialogue and 
deliberations on various emerging issues in marketing and expected to be a confluence of 
marketing minds, where there will be active sharing of best practices of contemporary 
marketing in this era. 
 
 
Part2 
Abstrac
t 
Marketing has been changing fast in the recent years. The most successful marketers have one 
thing in common that they find a way to gain an edge over their competitors. Marketers who 
can analyze the trends and prepare for the future have the best chances of setting their 
companies up for success. In this new age of customer experience, a combination of data and 
creativity is going to set the leaders apart from the laggards. Marketers are giving greater focus 
on personalization like immersive social media experiences. All types of business in a variety 
of industries are also leveraging content marketing like publishing blogs, investing in resources 
to produce unique content, and paying for content-related ads. There has been a paradigm shift 
in the ways and means of advertising which is an important marketing stream. Emerging trend 
in advertising involves promoting a product by using a social networking platform or high 
traffic attractors.  

 
 
 
Deatails of Event 
The Third National Seminar started at 10:30 am with Saraswati Vandana and faculty coordinator Dr. 
Anju Bharti introduced the theme of the session. This was followed by the welcome address by the 
Director (MAIT), Dr Neelam Sharma. This was followed by the address of the two Guests of Honour. 
The first guest of honour was Prof. (Dr.) Sunil Kumar Khatri, Founding Director, Amity University 
Tashkent, Uzbekistan. Dr Khatri started his talk with a historical perspective on marketing with focus 
on shifting of marketing elements from pre-pandemic era to post-pandemic era. There is a clear shift 
from traditional to digital media and channels. He shared lot of data from various media studies which 
clearly highlighted that there is a strong shift towards customer connect towards digital media and 
channels. Mr. Rajnish Virmani, CEO and Managing Partner, Positive Momemtum, A Global 
Management Consulting company was the second guest of honour. Mr Virmani had a very 
fundamental start from what is marketing. His focus was how much do we understand our customer. 
Also he involved in various changes in customer behaviour as seen by them in post covid era. Another 
important message he gave was –“ Do not be Sellers, Be Innovators”. It was followed by an address 
by the Shri S.P. Agarwal, Executive Chairman, MATES, who gave a very practical view of move towards 
traditional marketing to digital marketing. It was followed by the vote of thanks by Dr Amit Gupta, 
HOD, Department of Management, MAIT, Delhi. There was small break of half an hour, before the 
start of the first technical session. The first technical session was chaired by Dr M.K Bhat, Professor, 
MAIT.  
The first speaker in the first technical session was Mr. Kamal Preet Arora, Team Lead, S&P Global 
Market Intelligence, Delhi. He was an alumnus of MBA, MAIT in year 2010. He shared his journey of 
last 12 years with focus on how he had developed over the years as people’s manager and more so in 
post-covid times, specially when the teams are working from home and their problems are different 
and unique in nature. The second speaker was Dr Ashutosh Mohan, Associate Professor, IMS, BHU, 
Varanasi, who brought the subject of marketing from a candid academic perspective but shown some 
very creative ideas leading to Digital era. He emphasized the movement and growth from pure digital 
to mass customization to mass personalization times in post-covid era. There was a lunch break after 
the first technical session.  
The second technical session started at 2.50 pm. The second technical session was chaired by Dr Neeru 
Gupta, Asst, Professor, MAIT. The first speaker in second technical session was Mr. Ashish Talwar, AVP 
Sales & Marketing IDC India & South Asia. Mr Talwar, besides touching all the marketing shift in focus 
towards digital era, brought a new perspective of Data Management approach to make the digital 

marketing happen. His focus was that the entire Hiring and Upskilling has to be in the direction of Data 
management tools and skills in post covid era and more so in future. The second speaker in this session 
was Dr. Soney Mathews, Associate Prof., St. Joseph’s College of Commerce, Bengaluru University. She 
brought a focus on customer retention through delivering value to the customers in various ways. Her 
focus was on Customer Centric Business Model. She brought the point that customer has sentiments 
and emotional connect with the products he or she buys. Covid has brough a huge shift in consumer 
behaviour. Focus on consumer interactions and learn where to adapt. The seminar was concluded 
with a brief valedictory session, reiterating the learning outcomes of the seminar. A total of over 230 
participants took part in the seminar. Each session was followed by questions from students, which 
were addressed by the respective speakers. It was an interesting and insightful session that helped 
students in learning about the new trends in marketing and what opportunities and challenges it poses 
in post-covid era. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Conclusion: 
 
A total over 230 attendees including students attended the program as per the attendance 
recorded by MS-Teams platform. At the end of each session, a group photo was taken with 
audience and speaker together in the talk. 
As an exercise, Students were told to prepare a Seminar Report to be submitted the next day 
to their class coordinators on the MS-Team platform. 
 
Snap shot 
 

 
 
 

 

