SOURCE_PDF: Report_on_Five_day_course_series2-april_pdf.pdf

 
 
Report 
 
Five-day Certification Course on “Overviews of Capital Market: Series2 
 
 
” 
 
                                             
 

 
 
 
 
 
A Five-day Certification Course was organized by the Department of Management Studies 
(MBA) in collaboration with the Bombay Stock Exchange Brokers' Forum for for MBA students 
batch  2021-2023and 2022-2024 
 
Course Title:         “Overviews of Capital Market - Series 2” 
Course Duration:  10th  April - 15th April, 2023   
Course Platform:  Online (Google Meet) 
Resource Person:  Dr. Vishnuvajjhala Aditya Srinivas 
         Chief Operating Officer & Chief Economist  
         Bombay Stock Exchange Brokers Forum. 
Course coordinator: Dr. Ritu Gupta & Mr. Ankur Ahuja 
 
 
 
The objective of the session was to educate the students on different aspects of Investment and Portfolio 
management. 
Schedule 
 
 
Date 
Time 
Topic 
Links 
10th April 2023 5.00 -5.45 pm Investing during this challenging 
times 
http://meet.google.com/ivy-negz-mcw 
 
11th April 2023 5.00 - 5.45 pm Portfolio Management 
http://meet.google.com/rne-ochf-voc 
 
12th April 2023 5.00 - 5.45 pm Financial Planning 
http://meet.google.com/ngz-bksj-aag 
 
13th April 2023 5.00 - 5.45 pm Asset Allocation vital for wealth 
creation 
http://meet.google.com/qqh-pbwj-qgv 
 
14th April 2023 5.00 - 5.45 pm Actual Live Terminal 
http://meet.google.com/bao-bxpr-zrg 
 
 
\ 
The course started on 10th April at 05:00 p.m. with a welcome speech by Dr. Ritu Gupta. The event started with 
first day presentation by Dr. Vishnuvajjhala Aditya Srinivas, Chief Operating Officer & Chief 
Economist at Bombay Stock Exchange Brokers Forum. 
  
All the necessary details about investment during volatile market especially after covid era were 
explained and different types of investment alternative were explained. He also included that the 
process of investment in large capital stocks. 
 
On the second day of course Portfolio Management and how different types of risk are involved with 
different securities was covered. It helps the students to understand about risk exposure of different 
investment avenues. 
 
 

 
 
On third day all the key points to be considered for the financial planning by an individual to get their 
hard earned money better return s to beat the inflation in future were discussed. In the fourth session 
the importance of assets allocation as per the different age groups was covered. And last session 
covered that how you can check to fundamental analysis of stocks through live terminal. 
  
 A extremely communicating query session was held at the end of each session.. The Query session 
was the main highpoint of the experience. Almost all the questions were addressed by the presenter.  
 
The session was concluded by Vote of thanks by Dr. Ritu Gupta. More than 140 students attended the 
session. The extent of involvement during the course is testimony to how excited everyone was to learn 
about investment and portfolio management. Overall, it was a great learning and valued experience for 
all the students. 
 
 
 
.  
SNAPSHOTS OF THE EVENT 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

