SOURCE_PDF: mgmt.mait.ac.in_images_pdf_Yakult_Visit_13_th_Feb.pdf

 
 
MAHARAJA AGRASEN INSTITUTE OF TECHNOLOGY 
(ISO:9001:2015 Certified) 
Approved by AICTE, Ministry of HRD , Govt. of India 
 
Ministry of HRD , Govt. of India 
(Affiliated to Guru Gobind Singh Indraprastha University, Delhi) 
 
Department of Management, MBA 
Report on 
Industrial Visit to Yakult 
 
 
 

Industrial Visit Report: Yakult 
Event: Industrial Visit to Yakult DANONE India (P) Ltd 
Date: February 13, 2025, Time: 9:30 AM 
Venue: Yakult Danone India (P) Ltd, HSIIDC Industrial Area, Rai, Sonipat, Haryana 
Students: MBA Department 
No of students participated: 50 
Convener: Dr. Sangeeta Rawal, HOD, MBA Department 
Faculty In-charge: Dr. Rajiv Jain , Dr. Neeru Gupta, Dr. Anju Bharti  
Faculty Coordinator: Dr. Rajiv Jain, Dr. Ritu Gupta 
 
Company Brief Profile:- 
Company Brief Profile Yakult DANONE India (P) Ltd is a 50:50 Joint venture between 
Yakult Honsha, Japan and Group DANONE of France, both of which are global pro 
biotic leaders. The JV was formed in 2005 to manufacture and sell pro biotic products 
in the Indian market. Yakult, a pro biotic drink was launched in India in 2007, and is 
presently available in Delhi, NCR, Chandigarh, Punjab, Jaipur, Mumbai, Pune and 
Bangalore. Yakult is manufactured at an ISO 9001 : 2008 and HACCP certified 
manufacturing facility in Sonipat, Haryana. 
Objective of Visit:- 
 To helps students to combine their theoretical knowledge of business 
operations with the practical knowledge of its actual functioning. 
 To provide the students with an opportunity to learn practically through 
interaction and working methods. 
 To help students gain Corporate Exposure, internal environment of company 
and functioning of various department. 
 To grants the students a great opportunity to interact with industries and 
knows more about the industrial environment. 
 To gain an insight of Yakult production process and health benefits of probiotics. 
 
 
 
 
 

Report of visit:- 
 
The department of Management has organized an industrial visit for MBA students to 
Yakult Danone India Pvt. Ltd. On 13th February, 2025. The visit was conducted in two 
phases first an introductory presentation on Yakult by PR Executive Ms. Mehak Garg 
followed by physical visit to production facility. Ms. Mehak Garg, PR Executive, 
welcomed the students. Thereafter they were given a brief presentation on the 
establishment of Yakult and its presence across the globe, marketing strategies, 
distribution channel, turnover and strong research capabilities. Students gained 
knowledge about the Probiotic Giant, Yakult and its research capabilities and production 
technologies. They also get to know the establishment, purpose and functioning of 
Yakult Central Institute for Microbiological Research. After the presentation, Students 
were taken to the production facility where they amazed at the speed at which the 
production process occurred and how the automated systems could be set according to 
requirements, as minimum of human intervention was required. They were informed that 
Yakult Danone India is a joint venture between Japanese & French industry. They get 
to know that the capacity of the plant is 10 lakhs bottles (units) per day and the milk 
produced is of excellent quality containing billions of useful bacteria which are essential 
for proper functioning of digestive system. 
The students were given cookies and a bottle of Yakult (65 ml). The session ended by a 
group photo of all the section. The visit was a very informative and knowledgeable 
experience for the students it provided them an opportunity to familiarize themselves 
with the industry environment and learned the processing stages and the latest 
technology in producing processed products 

Learning Outcomes:- 
 Students got insight about the Operations & Production at Yakult. 
 Students were enabled with the real feel of the current industrial scenario. 
 Students were made aware about first hand information regarding functioning of 
the company. 
 Students were made to learn the corporate culture and mannerism. 
 
 
 
 
 

