SOURCE_PDF: ALUMNI_MEET_DOSSIER_pdf.pdf

1 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Maharaja Agrasen Institute of Technology 
Department of Management, MBA 
Dossier 
 on 
‘Alumni Meet ’ 
 
                                         Held On 
January 7, 2023 
 
 

2 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
S. No. 
Particulars 
Page No. 
1. 
Form-A : Proposal to organize an event 
3 
2. 
Form B : 
Part I - 
Aim of the event 
4 
Part II – Abstract 
4 
Part III – Conclusion 
5 
Part IV – Snap Shot 
6 
 
 
 
 
                            Faculty Co-ordinators: 
 
                             Dr. Anju Bharti 
Assistant Professor 
                             Dr. Ratika Sikand            Assistant Professor 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Prof. (Dr.) Amit Gupta 
 
HOD, Department of Management

3 
 
 
 
 
 
FORM A 
 
 
Proposal: 
 
• Name of the event:                 "MAIT SMRITI 2023" 
 
• Date                       : 
January 7, 2023 
 
• Time 
            : 
10:00 am onwards 
 
• Venue                   : 
Main Auditorium 
 
• Organized By       : 
Department of Management, MBA, MAIT 
 
 
Motivational Objective of the Activity: 
 
The main objective of the activity was to facilitate alumni for their contribution throughout the year 
and strengthen their bond with the institution and upcoming batches. Alumni network has a real-life 
benefit for current students. Alumni provide support to current students via their mentoring, work 
shadowing, and professional networking opportunities. These enhance the students’ experience and give 
them that competitive edge in today’s tough jobs market.

4 
 
 
 
Form B 
 Part 1 
Aim of the event 
 
The purpose of the said activity is to strengthen and build a supportive alumni network for an institution's 
success. If communication stops once students leave an institution, their understanding of the university 
will become stale. The events aim to bring the alumni together to cherish the memories with the faculties 
and batchmates. 
 
 
 
Part 2 Abstract 
Alumni Meet was organized on 7th January 2023 at Maharaja Agrasen Institute of Technology, Rohini, 
Delhi. The alumni meet was organized to reconnect with the Alumni and celebrate their success and 
various achievements. The Alumni started arriving at institute from 10.00 a.m. and they were welcomed 
by the registration team.   
 
Our founder Chairman and Chancellor Maharaja Agrasen University, Baddi, Dr. Nand Kishore Garg, 
Director MAIT Prof (Dr.) Neelam Sharma, Prof (Dr.) M.L.Goyal, VC Academics, Prof. S.S Deswal, 
Dean (Academics), MAIT along with other dignitaries welcomed the chief guest for the day Mr.Naresh 
Bansal who is an Indian politician and Member of Parliament from Uttarakhand in the Rajya Sabha. He 
is a member of the Bharatiya Janata Party. 
 
The event started with the lighting of lamp by all dignitaries with Saraswati Vandana sung by students. 
The chief guest was felicitated by our founder chairman as an honor with saplings on the stage. The 
welcome speech was given by the president of the alumni association, Mr. Sanjeev. He mentioned the 
achievements of alumni and their role in the MAIT alumni association. It was followed by the speech by 
founder chairman Shri Nand Kishore Garg and the chief guest. He emphasized the role of students in 
our society. 

5 
 
 
 
 
Part 3 Conclusion 
The event was concluded with the Batch-wise photography sessions of different streams of MAIT and 
their alumni along with their faculties and respective alumni cell coordinators. All the alumni, faculty, 
and staff were then invited for lunch. The alumni were provided with a souvenir in form of a cup 
embossed with the MAIT logo as a token of their memories. The objective of the Alumni meet was 
fulfilled as the present as all the alumni and the faculty of the institute met and shared their experiences 
with each other, along with the present students. 
 

6 
 
 
 
 
Snap Shot 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

