SOURCE_PDF: mgmt.mait.ac.in_images_pdf_Invest_on_yourself_womanday8032024.pdf

MAHARAJA AGRASEN INSTITUTE OF TECHNOLOGY 
DEPARTMENT OF MANAGEMENT 
 
Report on 
International Women’s Day  
Talk on 
“Invest in Yourself: Accelerate Progress 
(March 08, 2024) 
Convener: Prof. (Dr.) Amit Gupta, Head, Department of Management 
Faculty Coordinator: Ms. Neha Sharma & Mr. Rajat Malik 
 
 

Topic: Invest in Yourself: Accelerate Progress 
Venue: Room No 743, Block 7, MAIT Campus 
Convener: Prof. (Dr.) Amit Gupta, HOD, Department of Management, MAIT 
Faculty Coordinator: Ms. Neha Sharma & Mr. Rajat Malik 
Resource Person: Ms. Garima Gupta, Director HR nClouds 
Every year, International Women’s Day is celebrated on March 8 across the world. It’s a day 
when women are recognised and celebrated for playing various roles in different spheres of 
life. This day is honouring the social, economic, cultural and political achievements of women 
worldwide. It also advocates for gender equality. This global celebration provides us an 
opportunity to reflect on the status of women in society. 
 
The theme for International Women’s Day 2024 is “Inspire Inclusion”. This signifies that 
when we express appreciation and respect for women irrespective of their diverse backgrounds 
like their origin, financial status and political beliefs, it contributes to the overall improvement 
of the world. Creating an environment where women feel a sense of belonging and importance 
not only strengthens them but also empowers them, ultimately leading to positive impacts for 
everyone.  
 
Department of Management at Maharaja Agrasen Institute of Technology was elated to 
celebrate International Women’s Day by organising a guest lecture on “Invest in Yourself-
Accelerate Progress” for all the female students, staff and faculty members.  
Resource person for the session was Ms. Garima Gupta, Director HR nClouds. She deliberated 
an inspiring session on the importance of investing in oneself and one should never hesitate 
expressing herself. She emphasised on making us realised that we are already a brand and how 
well we can build a personal brand for ourselves. She pondered on the importance of preparing 
SMART goals in life to achieve personal and professional success.  
 
Plethora of valuable insights and experiences were shared by the resource person during the 
session. As a unanimous call from all the attendees the session is highly appreciated and 
admired.  

 
 

 
 
 
 
 

