SOURCE_PDF: Dossier_on_Industrial_VisitSEBI160322_pdf.pdf

1 
 
 
Maharaja Agrasen Institute of Technology 
Department of Management, MBA 
Dossier 
On 
Industrial Visit to Securities and Exchange Board of India 
Held On 
                 
 16th March 2022 
 
        
 

2 
 
 
 
S. No. 
Particulars  
 Page No. 
 
1. 
 
 
Form-A : Proposal to organize an event 
 
 
 3 
 
2. 
 
 
Form B : 
Part I - Aim of the event 
Part II – Abstract 
Part III –Conclusion 
Part IV – Snap Shot 
 
 
 
 
4 
4 
5 
6 
 
Event Incharge: 
Dr. Sukhvinder Singh    :  
 
Assistant Professor 
Mr Nishant Gaur 
  : 
 
Assistant Professor 
 
 
 
                                                 Dr. Amit Gupta 
HOD, Department of Management, MBA 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

3 
 
 
 
 
FORM A 
 
 
Proposal: 
 
Name  of the Event: 
Industrial Visit to Securities and Exchange Board 
of India 
Location                : SEBI ,Northern Regional Office ,Kidwai Nagar New Delhi 
Date  
 
:    16th March 2022 
Time  
 
:     10:30 AM – 1:30 PM  
Organized By 
:      Department of Management, MBA, MAIT 
 
Motivational Objective of the Guest Lecture 
The objectives of the industrial visit to SEBI were 
1) To understand Demat and trading  account opening procedure 
2) To understand role and functions of SEBI and MCX 
3) To understand securities market in India 
4) To appreciate importance of commodities trading and to analyse risk and opportunities 
associated with it 
5) To learn the rights of investors in India and do and do not of investments. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

4 
 
 
 
 
Form B 
 
Part 1 
 
Aim of the event: 
 
The aim of the visit was to sensitize students on the functioning of securities market in India 
and to make students aware on the Demat and trading account opening procedure. The 
objective was to aware students on role and functions of Securities and Exchange Board of 
India and Multi Commodity Exchange 
 
Part 2 
 
Abstract: 
 
Maharaja Agrasen Institute of Technology Department of Management organize visit to 
Securities and Exchange Board of India on 16th March 2022 for MBA – IV semester students. 
Faculty members Dr Sukhvinder Singh and Mr Nishant Gaur accompanied 25 students on the 
visit to SEBI premises at SEBI’s Northern Regional Office at Kidwai Nagar New Delhi. 
 
The event started with basic introduction about SEBI followed by Demat and trading account 
opening guidelines and procedure. This session was conducted by Mr Anupam Samanta  
Manager SEBI. 
 
The second part of presentation was taken by Mr Sunil Gakhar (Vice President and Regional 
Head for Business Development at MCX Delh). Mr Sunil Gakhar introduced several 
concepts of Commodities trading to the students. He also explained the importance of Multi 
Commodities Exchange in India. He further elaborated on how students can invest in 
commodities  
 
Later students were shown videos and documentary made by SEBI for investor awareness 
and interest by Ms Nanu Kaur Assistant General Manager 
 
Students were severed with light refreshment at the end of the program. 

5 
 
  
 
 
Part 3 
 
Conclusion 
 
The visit was a great source of learning for students as both the speaker shared their expertise 
. Students also got an great opportunity to clear several doubts regarding  Demat and trading 
accounts, functioning of SEBI and MCX, IPO listing, Malpractices in stock  trading, Career 
opportunities at SEBI etc. The visit ended with light refreshment and group photo session. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

6 
 
 
 
Snap Shot: 
        
          
 

