SOURCE_PDF: Dossier_on_Guest_Lecture_SEBI_MCX07032022_pdf.pdf

1 
 
 
Maharaja Agrasen Institute of Technology 
Department of Management, MBA 
Dossier 
On 
Guest Lecture on Securities Market and Commodities 
Exchange 
Held On 
                 
 07th March 2022 
 
 

2 
 
 
 
 
S. No. 
Particulars  
 Page No. 
 
1. 
 
 
Form-A : Proposal to organize an event 
 
 
 3 
 
2. 
 
 
Form B : 
Part I - Aim of the event 
Part II – Abstract 
Part III –Conclusion 
Part IV – Snap Shot 
 
 
 
 
4 
4-5 
5 
6 
 
Event Incharge: 
Dr. Sukhvinder Singh    :  
 
Assistant Professor 
Mr Nishant Gaur 
  : 
 
Assistant Professor 
 
 
 
                                                 Dr. Amit Gupta 
HOD, Department of Management, MBA 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

3 
 
 
 
 
 
 
FORM A 
 
 
Proposal: 
 
Name  of the Event: 
Guest Lecture on Securities Exchange and 
Commodities Exchange 
Location 
 
:  
Department of Management MAIT ,  Rohini , Delhi 
Date  
 
:         07th March 2022 
Time  
 
:        11:30 AM – 1:30 PM  
Organized By 
:          Department of Management, MBA, MAIT 
 
Motivational Objective of the Guest Lecture 
The objective of the guest lecture by officials from SEBI and MCX was to 
1) To understand role and functions of SEBI and MCX 
2) To understand securities market in India 
3) To appreciate importance of commodities trading and to analyse risk and opportunities 
associated with it 
4) To learn the rights of investors in India and do and do not of investments. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

4 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Form B 
 
Part 1 
 
Aim of the event: 
 
The aim of the guest lecture was to sensitize students on the functioning of securities market 
in India. The objective was to aware students on role and functions of Securities Exchange 
Board of India and Multi Commodity Exchange 
 
Part 2 
 
Abstract: 
 
Maharaja Agrasen Institute of Technology Department of Management organize guest lecture 
on 07th March 2022 for MBA – I semester students on Securities Market and Commodities 
Market. The lecture was taken by officials from Multi Commodity Exchange and Securities 
Exchange Board of India. 
The event started with rendition of Saraswati Vandana by MBA I first year Student followed 
by address of HOD Prof Dr Amit Gupta and Director MAIT Prof Dr Neelam Sharma. 
The first part of presentation was taken by Mr Sunil Gakhar (Vice President and Regional 
Head for Business Development at MCX Delh). Mr Sunil Gakhar introduced several 
concepts of Commodities trading to the students. He also explained the importance of Multi 
Commodities Exchange in India. He further elaborated on how students can invest in 
commodities  
 

5 
 
The second part of presentation was taken by Ms Ashu Assistant General Manager SEBI. Ms 
Ashu presentation dealt with roles and functions of SEBI. She explained the various 
instruments of securities market. She further elaborated rights of investor in India. The last of 
presentation focussed on Do’s and Don’ts for the investor in India. 
  
 
 
Part 3 
 
Conclusion 
 
The guest lecture was a great source of learning for students as both the speaker shared their 
expertise. Students also got a great opportunity to clear several doubts regarding functioning 
of SEBI and MCX, IPO listing, Malpractices in trading, Career opportunities at SEBI etc. 
The lecture ended with question and answer round taken by both speakers. 
 
The event concluded with vote of thanks by Mr Nishant Gaur Assistant Professor. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

6 
 
 
 
 
Snap Shot: 
               
 
 
 
 
 
 

