SOURCE_PDF: Dossier_Educ_Visit_17_Nov_IIFT_2022_pdf.pdf

1 
 
 
Maharaja Agrasen Institute of Technology 
Department of Management, MBA 
Dossier 
On 
India Trade Promotion Organisation, ITPO, EDUCATION VISIT 
(Industrial cum Corporate Visit) 
 
41st India International Trade Fair, IITF, Gate No. 4, Hall No. 5, Pragati Maidan, New 
Delhi. 
  
Held On 
17th November, Thursday, 2022 
 
 

2 
 
S. No. 
Particulars  
 Page No. 
 
1. 
 
 
Form-A : Proposal to organize an event 
 
 
 3 
 
2. 
 
 
Form B : 
Part I - Aim of the event 
Part II – Abstract 
Part III –Conclusion 
Part IV – Snap Shot 
 
 
 
 
4 
4 
5 
6-7 
 
Event Incharge: 
Dr. Sukhvinder Singh    :  
 
Assistant Professor 
Mr. Nishant Gaur  
    :  
 
Assistant Professor 
 
 
 
 
                                                 Dr. Amit Gupta 
HOD, Department of Management, MBA 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

3 
 
FORM A 
India Trade Promotion Organisation,ITPO, EDUCATION VISIT 
(I) 
 
41st India International Trade Fair, IITF, Gate No. 4, Hall No. 5, Pragati Maidan, New 
Delhi. 
Commodity Participants Association of India, CPAI Stall 04A, (Stall of SEBI) 
 
Organised by: Department of Management, MBA, Maharaja Agrasen Institute of 
Technology, Delhi  
Date: Time: 10:30 am – 3.30 pm   
Venue: No. of students visited: 36, Batch: MBA First Year (1B) (2022-24) 
 
 
Proposal: 
Name  of the Event : 
Industrial cum Corporate Visit 
Location 
 
    :  India International Trade Fair, IITF, Gate No. 4,   
Pragati                          Maidan, New Delhi, (Stall of SEBI) 
Date  
           :          17th November, Thursday, 2022 
Time 
 
:        09:30 AM – 3:30 PM 
Organized By 
:          Department of Management, MBA, MAIT 
 
 
Motivational Objective of the Visit:  
 
The objective of this visit is to provide a great opportunity for students to learn that how the 
businesses find platforms for trade and industry for sourcing, finding buyers, business 
interactions, technology transfer opportunities, test marketing, and market access. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

4 
 
Form B 
 
Part 1 
 
Aim of the event: 
 
The objective of this visit was to provide a great opportunity for students to learn that how 
the businesses find platforms for trade and industry for sourcing, finding buyers, business 
interactions, technology transfer opportunities, test marketing, and market access. 
 
Part 2 
 
Abstract: 
 
IITF is the largest integrated trade fair with both B2B and B2C components. It is one of the 
largest trade fairs in the world both in terms of exhibitors and visitor participation and has 
evolved its unique character as an iconic international event.  
The students with the faculty coodinators visited the stall no. 4A, the stall of SEBI, of IITF. 
We were informed more on CPAI,Commodity Participants Association of India (CPAI)  
which is an all India body of members of the major commodity exchanges of India viz Multi 
Commodity Exchange Ltd. (MCX), National Commodity Exchanges of India Ltd. (NCDEX) 
and National Multi Commodity Exchange of India (NMCE).  
Industrial cum Corporate Visit Program Details: 
 
The specific day was dedicated to enlightening sessions by senior professionals from IIFL 
Security and SMC global securities. Mr. Anuj Gupta, Vice President IIFL Security delivered 
a knowledgeable session on commodity market and disseminated knowledge related to 
commodity market and investment in commodity market, SMC Global Securities. Ms. 
Vandana, Assistant Vice President, commodity reserves SMC Global securities had a 
interactive session with students on world trade in commodities and enlightened the student 
with her vast knowledge and experience.  ‘ 
  
The association also organised a quiz programme for the students where many students of  
MBA first year won prizes in the quiz programme. Some of the students who won prizes in 
quiz are Raja Maheshwari, Risabh Sharma, Anurag Hembrom,  Dipanshu Tyagi and Kartik 

5 
 
Marwah They also provided healthy refreshments to all students . All the student received 
participation certificate at the event. The students were also given MCX Bags at the event. 
 
 
Conclusion 
 
The students learnt a lot about the financial industries and the role of SEBI. The visit proved 
to be fruitful under the guidance of faculty coordinators. Also, we extend our heartfelt thanks 
to Prof. (Dr.) Amit Gupta, HoD, MBA, MAIT. We extend our deep gratitude to association 
of SEBI- CPAI for arranging such a wonderful visit. 

6 
 
Snap    
Shot:
 
 
 
 
.            

7 
 
                
 
 
 
 
 

