SOURCE_PDF: BSE_Report_11-10-2023_vist_pdf.pdf

MAHARAJA AGRASEN INSTITUTE OF TECHNOLOGY 
INDUSTRIAL VISIT 
Location: Bombay Stock Exchange office , Rajindra Place , Delhi 
Date: 11th October, 2023 
Time: 1100 Hrs- 1400Hrs 
Name of Students: MBA (First Year) Section C, 51 Students 
Faculty: Dr. Ritu Gupta and Dr. Rajiv Jain 
As a part of the course curriculum of MBA, a one-day visit was organized by our institution to the Bombay 
Stock Exchange (BSE) office in Delhi on 11th of October 2023 and was attended by Dr. Ritu Gupta and Dr. Rajiv 
Jain, who accompanied us throughout the excursion. The purpose of this visit was to gain fundamental 
insights into investment and depository services, which are of significant relevance to our academic 
curriculum as well as future development. 
 Objective: The primary objective of the visit was to familiarize ourselves with the basics of 
investment and depository services. Furthermore, the visit aimed to provide an overview of the 
securities market and mutual fund investment, which are essential components of financial 
industry. 
 Presenters: The BSE visit was enriched by the presence of knowledgeable speakers and presenters 
from prominent regulatory bodies. In particular, representatives from Securities and Exchange 
Board of India (SEBI) (Mr. Yatharth) , Central Depository Services Limited (CDSL)(Ms. Veena) and 
Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) (Mr. Jaswinder Singh Kohli) were present to share their insights and 
expertise. Their contributions added valuable perspectives to our understanding of the financial 
markets and investment mechanism. 
As a gesture of gratitude and appreciation, Dr. Rajiv Jain and Dr. Ritu Gupta presented a memento to the 
esteemed presenters from BSE . This token of thanks symbolized our acknowledgement of their valuable time 
and expertise shared with us during this informative visit. 
The knowledge and exposure gained during the visit will be instrumental in our academic and professional 
development and was an enriching experience for the students. 
 
 
 
 

