SOURCE_PDF: Industrial_Visit_Report_Trade_Fare_pdf.pdf

 
 
MAHARAJA AGRASEN INSTITUTE OF TECHNOLOGY 
(ISO:9001:2015 Certified) 
Approved by AICTE, Ministry of HRD, Govt. of India 
 
Ministry of HRD, Govt. of India 
 
(Affiliated to Guru Gobind Singh Indraprastha University, Delhi) 
 
Department of Management, MBA 
Report on 
INDUSTRIAL VISIT TO 
TRADE FAIR (NSDL) 
 
 
 
 
Organizer: Department of Management, Maharaja Agrasen Institute of Technology Date: November 20, 2023, 
 
Timings: 10:00AM- 1:00PM 
Venue: Hall No 5. NSDL 
Organized by: Department of Management, MBA, MAIT  
Faculty Coordinators: Dr. Rajiv Jain, Dr. Ritu Gupta

On our recent participation in the National Securities Depository Limited (NSDL) Trade Fair held on 20th 
November, 2023 at Hall No 5. This trade fair proved to be a valuable opportunity for us to engage with 
industry leaders, gather information on the latest developments in the financial and securities industry, 
explore innovative solutions, establish connections with industry professionals, and potentially identify 
opportunities for business growth or collaboration. 
With the introductory session conducted by Shree Aman Ji, shared the role of digitization in capital market, 
How digitization helped in faster and more accurate transactions, reducing operational costs, and streamlining 
various processes.NSDL is an Indian central securities depository, based in Mumbai. It was established in 
August 1996 as the first electronic securities depository in India with national coverage. 
Mr Sanjay (CDSL iTech Head) further told the main key points to be kept in mind while investing the money 
taking an example of the cricket team. Some of them are: Doing proper fundamental analysis before investing, 
strong and early start, balance portfolio,diversification,risk tolerance, long term perspective, stay informed, 
review and adjust. 
 
The visit was further augmented by Mr Mukesh Chauhan telling the 50 30 20 savings expert formula. He further 
illustrated the difference between savings and investment. Saving money means storing it safely so that it is 
available when we need it and it has a low risk of losing value. Investment comes with risk, but also the 
potential for higher returns. I 
After this informative session a small quiz was played and some students got the prize of t-shirt from SEBI 

 
 
Students then explored the different different pavilions of exhibitors in Trade fair. There were pavilions 
dedicated to technology, health and wellness, and international exhibitors. Each pavilion typically consists of 
booths or stands where companies set up displays to showcase their offerings, it helps attendees efficiently 
explore the diverse range of products and services represented at the trade fair. 
CONCLUSION 
Participating in the NSDL Trade Fair was a great success for us. The exposure, networking, and knowledge gained 
during the visit position us for continued growth and success.  

