SOURCE_PDF: Industrial_cum_Excursion_Visit_to_Manali_pdf.pdf

1 
 
 
 
Maharaja Agrasen Institute of Technology 
Department of Management, MAIT 
 
REPORT 
 ON 
 
INDUSTRIAL CUM EXCURSION 
 TOUR TO MANALI, KULLU, SISU VALLEY & KASOL 
 
FROM 
10TH TO 15TH APRIL, 2024 

2 
 
 
S. No. 
Particulars 
Page No. 
1. 
 
Details of fun filled Trip 
   
                4-6 
2. 
 
 
Learning Outcomes 
 
                 7 
        3. 
 
Snaps 
       
                8-10 

3 
 
 
 
Event: INDUSTRIAL CUM EXCURSION TOUR TO MANALI, SISU, KULLU 
& KASOL 
 
Organized By: Department of Management, Maharaja Agrasen Institute Of 
Technology 
      Date: 10th April to 15th April, 2024  
Faculty Coordinators: 
• Dr. Sanjeev Kumar, Assistant Professor, MAIT 
• Dr. Nitin Walia, Assistant Professor, MAIT 
• Dr. Anju Bharti, Assistant Professor, MAIT 
• Mr. Rajat Malik, Assistant Professor, MAIT 
• Ms. Anjli Gupta, Assistant Professor, MAIT 
 
• No. Of students: 129 from MBA 2022-24 batch, MBA 2023-25 Batch, BBA 
2022-25 batch, BBA 2023-26 Batch. (List Attached) 
 
 
 
Dr. Amit Gupta 
HOD, Department of Management 
MAIT 
 
 
                       Prof. (Dr.) Neelam Sharma 
                               Director, MAIT 
 
 
 
 

4 
 
 
  
 
 
 
Objective of the Visit: 
 
This extraordinary trip was designed:  
1. To offer students a perfect blend of educational insights and thrilling 
recreational experiences. 
2.  To explore the fascinating world of Catch Beverages and Handicraft Industries 
along with fun filled activities for five days 
3. To learn about the culture and magnificent scenic environment of Himachal 
and its preservation for sustainability. 
 
 

5 
 
Trip Details: 
DAY 1 
Our adventure began with the excitement of our departure from our Institute, 
Maharaja Agrasen Institute of Technology, Delhi to Manali from VOLVO Bus. We all 
gathered at the college campus, where we could feel the spirit of excitement to 
embark on our journey. As we set off for Manali, we had overnight journey for 
approximately 10 hours. Along the way, we took a pause for a dinner break, allowing 
everyone to refuel before continuing the scenic drive and making memories with our 
friends. Later, we got ready for an unforgettable overnight journey filled with 
anticipation and excitement as we made our way to the destination of Manali. 
DAY 2 
On Day 2 of our adventure in Manali, our journey began with the excitement of 
arrival, as Travelers tempo were arranged according to our group size that took us 
to the hotels. After settling in and rejuvenating at hotels, we embarked on a half-
day city tour starting at approximately 3 p.m. We explored the cultural richness of 
Manali with visits to Hadimba Devi Temple, the Clubhouse road, Old Manali. 
There the students also tried the zip line activity near Vyas river Subsequently, we 
proceed down to the busy Mall Road to fully immerse ourselves in the vibrant 
atmosphere. Later, around 7 p.m., we came back to our hotel for a delicious dinner, 
concluding another unforgettable day in Manali with an overnight stay. 
DAY 3 
Rise and shine to a delightful morning as we awaken ourselves to rich natural beauty. 
Today's itinerary promised a thrilling experience as we embarked on our journey to 
explore the enchanting Solang Valley, fondly referred to as the "Snow Valley." A 
place known for adventure enthusiasts and nature lovers, this valley is known for its 
pristine beauty and adventurous winter sports activities. From snowboarding to 
paragliding and zorbing, there's no shortage of adventures to indulge in. Along the 
way, we had the opportunity to traverse through the iconic Atal Tunnel, a marvel of 
modern engineering, and explore the serene charm of Sissu in Lahaul Spiti district. 
At Sissu, we experienced multiple snow activities and had fun. Later on, the same 
day, we returned to Manali by evening. We concluded our day with dinner and had 
our overnight stay at our hotel, reminiscing about the day's unforgettable 

6 
 
experiences amidst the snow- capped splendor. We also enjoyed bonfire at hotel.  
DAY 4 
 
On Day 4 of the adventure-filled journey, the day begins with breakfast at the hotel, 
followed by checking out. We set off for Kasol, eagerly waiting for the scenic beauty 
along the way. Firstly, we had our stop at the Catch Factory and then at the Handicraft 
factory for an insightful industrial visit, immersing ourselves in the local 
craftsmanship and culture. A thrilling stop awaits us as we indulge in paragliding 
and river rafting amidst the beauty of Kullu. The adventure continues with our 
journey to Kasol along the Parvati River. Upon reaching Kasol, we all checked into 
the riverside Swiss camps, where we could feel the soothing sounds of the river and 
the promise of a memorable evening. As dusk fell, we all gathered around a bonfire 
again, relishing a dinner under the starry sky, accompanied by lively beats from a 
DJ, setting the stage for an unforgettable night in the lap of nature. With hearts full 
of excitement and happiness, we all had our stay at our camps for a restful night, 
eagerly waiting for the next day. 
DAY 5 
 
After waking up, we all gathered for a delightful breakfast accompanied by morning 
tea, preparing ourselves for the enriching day ahead. Our first destination begins as 
we embark on a journey to explore the serene beauty and spiritual essence of 
Manikaran Gurudwara and Shiv Temple, where peace and a spirit of devotion were 
felt. Following this spiritual visit, we proceed to our next destination amidst the 
beauty of nature. As the evening approached, we reached Bhuntar, where Volvo was 
waiting for us to escort us from Bhuntar, where the beginning of our overnight 
journey began to be back to Delhi. With hearts filled with memories of a day well 
spent, we bid adieu to Kasol, carrying the essence of its beauty with us as we traverse 
back to the city life of Delhi. 
Next morning, we reached Delhi early in the morning. It's a bittersweet moment as 
you bid farewell to your fellow travelers, saying goodbye to both old and new 
friends. As you depart, you carry with you a treasure trove of memories, ready to 
cherish the moments shared and the adventures experienced throughout your time 
together. 
It was really a wonderful trip to relish forever. 

7 
 
Learning Outcomes: 
 
Industrial visit provided the students with an opportunity to learn practically through 
interaction, working methods and employment practices. It gave the students an 
exposure to current work practices to easily justify the theoretical knowledge being 
imparted at their classrooms. 
Students also learned not only about the culture of Kullu-Manali but also realized the 
fact of preserving the natural beauty in an efficient manner. This excursion also 
helped the students to realize how to strike a perfect balance between studies and 
other activities which increases their holistic development. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Snaps: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

8 
 
 
 
 
 
 

9 
 
 
 
 
 

1
 
 
 

1
 
 
 
 
 

