SOURCE_PDF: Dossier_on_A_Session_by_Mr__Deepankar_Anand_7th_Oct_20_pdf.pdf

1 
 
 
Maharaja Agrasen Institute of Technology 
Department of Management, MBA 
Dossier 
On 
A SESSION  
ON 
OVERVIEW OF ADVANCE ANALYTICS PRACTICE  
&  
CUSTOMER TARGETING 
Held On 
7th October, 2020 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 

2 
 
 
S. No. 
Particulars  
 Page No. 
 
1. 
 
 
Form-A : Proposal to organize an event 
 
      
 3 
 
2. 
 
 
Form B : 
Part I -     Aim of the event 
Part II –   Abstract 
Part III –  Conclusion 
Part IV –  Snap Shot 
 
 
 
 
4 
4 
5 
6 
 
Teacher Coordinators: Mr. Nitin Walia, Dr Anoop Kumar Gupta, Mr. Rajiv Jain, Dr. Ritu Gupta,  
Mr. Ankur Ahuja 
Student Coordinators: Manya Bansal, Swati Gupta, Priya Madan, Deepanshu Khurana, Mukta 
Jain, Ojaswi, Tamanna Mittal 
 
 
Dr. Amit Gupta 
HOD, Department of Management, MBA 
 
 
 
 
Prof. (Dr.) Neelam Sharma 
Director, MAIT 
 
 
 
 

3 
 
FORM A 
Proposal: 
 
Name of the event:  
Session on Overview of advanced analytics practice & customer targeting 
models 
Date:                        
October-7th -2020 
Time:                       
04:00 pm -5:00 pm 
Venue:                     
Online through Microsoft Teams (MS Teams) 
Organized By:    
Department of Management (MBA, MAIT) 
 
Motivational Objective of the Activity:  
 
Data Analytics still rank at the top on the priority list of organizations looking for vigorous and long-term 
enhancement 
in 
their 
operational 
methods 
and 
overall 
performance 
levels. 
Data 
analytics is important because it helps businesses optimize their performances. Implementing it into the 
business model means companies can help reduce costs by identifying more efficient ways of doing business 
and by storing large amounts of data “A Session on Overview of advanced analytics practice & customer 
targeting models” is proposed for your kind approval. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

4 
 
Form B 
 
Part 1 
 
Aim of the event: 
Broad aims of the session are: 
• To share with the students the scope of advance analytics in the business world. 
• To know how by working on certain skills, students can open up job opportunities/ campus 
placements for themselves in such an uncertain environment. 
 
Part 2 
 
Abstract: 
 
A session on “Overview of advanced analytics practice & customer targeting models” was organised for 
MBA students batch 2019-2021 by the Department of Management, MBA, Maharaja Agrasen Institute of 
Technology on 7th October, 2020 .The key speaker for the session was Mr Deepanker Anand, Analytics 
Manager at Absolutdata Analytics, Gurgaon, with a rich experience over 10+ years in Client 
Engagement, Statistical Modeling, Machine Learning, Data Science Methodology & Consulting.  
Mr. Deepanker anand talked about the depths of data analytics and how crucial it is for making important 
decisions. He through his own experiences enlightened us on some important skills one should have to be 
able to have a great career. Some of the skills which he emphasised on were MS Excel, strong 
communication skills, great presentation skills, expertise in languages like Python, VBA, SAS etc., tools and 
techniques of marketing analytics and data modelling. He gave us an overview of his current company 
Absolutdata its mission, its vision as well as what services and sectors it caters to. The whole session by him 
was presented intricately with an informative presentation. 
He shared that cracking an interview is a crucial step towards one's dream job and therefore students should 
start focusing on the aspects like presentation skills, effective communication, general awareness about the 
domain, its impact in the corporate world in addition to the related technical skills and acumen. He also 
discussed that companies want to hire confident people for industries, train them for new digital 
technologies and allocate them new projects. He encouraged every participant to look through new emerging 
sectors and be prepared for upcoming opportunities. 

5 
 
Part 3 
Conclusion 
 
The seminar was very interactive and the students participated very enthusiastically by asking some 
interesting queries regarding Data analytics, various courses of data analytics and future opportunity in data 
analytics. The complete content of the seminar was highly informative and was very appreciated by the 
students.  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

6 
 
Snap Shot: 
 
 
 

