SOURCE_PDF: mgmt.mait.ac.in_images_pdf_Report_on_Advanced_Business_Analytics_course_SIIC_IIT_kanpur.pdf

 
 
 
MAHARAJA AGRASEN INSTITUTE OF TECHNOLOGY 
(ISO: 9001:2015 Certified) 
Approved by AICTE, Ministry of HRD, Govt. of India 
 
Ministry of HRD, Govt. of India 
(Affiliated to Guru Gobind Singh Indraprastha University, Delhi) 
 
 
Department of Management, MBA 
Report on 
SIIC, IIT KANPUR A-MDP                                     
A         ADVANCED BUSINESS ANALYTICS 
 
   
 
 
 

Organizer: Department of Management, Maharaja Agrasen Institute of 
Technology Date: 26th January to 1st March 
Timings: 9:45 AM to 5:15 PM 
Venue: IIT Kanpur Outreach Center, Sector 62, Industrial Area, Noida, 
Uttar Pradesh Faculty Coordinators: Dr. Sanjeev Kumar 
 
 
A 5-days certification program was offered by SIIC, IIT Kanpur an 
initiative of MSME, Advanced MDP on Advanced Business Analytics. 
The program aimed to provide essential knowledge about Python 
Programming, Data Visualization, Block chain and Data Analytics. The 
agenda behind the program was to apply their practical applications in 
real-life business world. 
 
                                
 

             Day 1 (Basics of Python Programming) 
Dr. Rajan Gupta, taught us about the basics of Python Programming 
which involved the data types, naming rules, different operators, 
application of Strings, tuple, lists and Dictionaries. He also taught how to 
import the libraries such as Pandas and Matplotlib along with their 
applications and students performed a task to plot some graphs using it.  
            
           Day 2 (Data Warehousing & Data Storytelling) 
Dr. Rajan Gupta shared his valuable teachings about Data Warehousing, 
types of data sets, its classification, and the KDD Process. He also 
explained the concept of OLAP & OLTP techniques, Data warehouse 
models, classification of Data Storytelling and about various tasks 
involved in Data Processing. 
            
           Day 3 (Business Intelligence and Visualization) 
Dr. Rajan Gupta explained the concept of Business intelligence with the 
components of Business Intelligence structure. He showed how to create 
a visualization report of data through Power-Bi and explained various 
features of Power Bi like power query and how to create interactive 
charts.  
           Day 4 (Block chain & Effective Business Communication) 
 Dr. Priyanka Gupta explained the students regarding the concept of Block 
chain which includes its features, types, consideration, visualization,  and 
real-world application whereas she also explained the concept of 
Effective Business Communication which includes the 7C’s, its barriers, 
Role of an HR, and its importance. She also explained how to keep a 
memo short, crisp, and concise using an example and Case study. 

 
 Day 5 (Data Analytics) 
Dr. Priyanka Gupta ended the program on the most important  topic that 
is Data Analytics. It involved the process and phases of Data Analytics 
and various functions were taught in Microsoft Excel to analyze some 
Data shared by her such as determining the Correlation, Variance, 
Regression, and many more quantitative terms which are helpful in 
analyzing any data. Students have carried out the task as provided by her.  
 
The program included interactive lectures, group discussions, case study 
analysis and business life examples. Students provided positive feedback, 
appreciating the hands-on approach, the relevance of the content to 
MSME challenges, and the opportunity to network with peers. The 
training successfully met its objectives, with participants demonstrating 
a significant improvement in their understanding of Business Analytics 
concepts and expressed confidence in applying these skills to their 
respective area of interests and in businesses. 
 
  
 

 
 
           
 
 

 
 
 
 
          Conclusion 
This 5-day training program was more than just being a program. It was a 
valuable initiative, contributing to the enhancement of Advance business 
analytics practices among participating MSMEs. The positive feedback and 
outcomes indicated a strong foundation  for future training program.

 

