SOURCE_PDF: Report_Industrial_Visit_BSE-31st_Oct2022_1_pdf.pdf

 
 
 
 
MAHARAJA AGRASEN INSTITUTE OF TECHNOLOGY 
 
 
 
Industrial Visit 
BSE  
101, 1th Floor, Aggarwal Corporate Tower, 23, District Center, 
 
Rajendra Place, New Delhi - 110008 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Organised by: Department of Management, MBA, Maharaja Agrasen Institute 
of Technology, Delhi 
 
Date: 31st October, Monday, 2022 
 
Venue: BSE Institute Limited, 101, 1st Floor, Aggarwal Corporate Tower, 23, District 
Center, Rajendra Place, New Delhi – 110008 
 
Faculty Coordinator: Dr. Ritu Gupta 
 
 
Department of Management, MBA, MAIT ,GGSIP University organised an Industrial cum 
Corporate visit to BSE Institute Ltd., Investor's Service Center, 101, 1st Floor, Aggarwal 
Corporate Tower, 23, District Center, Rajendra Place, New Delhi – 110008 on 31st  October, 
2022.  

 
The students(42) along with two faculty (Dr. Ritu Gupta & Dr. Sanjeev Kumar) arrived at 
BSE corporate office by 11:00 am. The students were inducted by the BSE official Mr. 
Harbinder Singh Sokhi (Manager, Investor Protection Fund). The session includes 
information about the operations of stock exchanges and the regulators of stock exchanges. 
Students also get exposure about the various investment avenues and understanding about 
risk and return while investing in different securities. At the end students take refreshment.  
It was really an enlightening session for the students  to get a basic understanding about stock 
exchanges and their operations.  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
They discussed how BSE enables investors to trade in equities, currencies, debt instruments, 
derivatives, and mutual funds. They also provided information about other important capital 
market trading services such as risk management, clearing, settlement, and investor education. 
 
They elaborated the meaning of stock exchange that how it helps companies raise capital or 
money by issuing equity shares to be sold to investors and the companies invest those funds 
back into their business, and investors, ideally, earn a profit from their investment in those 
companies. 
 
The session also provided detailed knowledge about investment. Topics relating to 
Investment avenues and Principles of safe investment also discussed under this session. They 
also introduced the students to various certification courses by the center for enhancing career 
options. 
 
We 
extend 
our 
deep 
gratitude 
to 
both 
of 
them. 
 
The visit proved to be fruitful under the guidance of Dr. Neeru Gupta and Dr. Anju Bharti. 
 
Also, we extend our heartfelt thanks to Prof. (Dr.) Amit Gupta, HoD, MBA, MAIT and Ms. 
 
Anshu Raheja (Deputy Manager, BSE Institute Ltd.) for arranging such a wonderful visit. 
 
 
 
Snap shots: 
 

 

 

