SOURCE_PDF: may2016_pdf.pdf

National Seminar on “Advancements in Power, Energy & Control Systems”  
 
 
The Department of Electrical & Electronics Engineering of Maharaja Agrasen 
Institute of Technology organized a One-day National Seminar on “Advancements in Power, 
Energy & Control Systems” on May 2, 2016. It was successfully conducted by the Convener, 
Dr. Rajveer Mittal, HOD, EEE Department and attended by over 60 student delegates, more 
than 30 Assistant Professors & Associate Professors and 4 Professors of eminence. 
 
 
The thrust area of the Seminar was the Power & Energy and their Control System 
with a view to meet the current challenges in these sectors. Despite the encouraging growth 
trajectory in the energy space over the last few years, the Indian Power Sector has still not 
been able to induce & sustain the required capacity addition, matching the ever-growing 
power demand of the country. Full security concerns, financial health of State Discoms, 
under procurement of Power by States, Inimical Financing Environment and Policy Paralysis 
are the main challenges in this sector. With a view to briefly discuss these aspects, Prof. D.K. 
Jain, Chairman of Electrical (DCRUST) and Prof. Parmod Kumar, Ex-HOD, DTU were the 
key speakers in the Seminar, which was sponsored by Defence Research & Development 
Organisation, Ministry of Defence, Government of India. 
 
 
The Seminar was inaugurated by the Lighting of the lamp by distinguished guest 
speakers and host office bearers of EEE & ECE Departments. Dr. Rajveer Mittal, HOD, EEE 
Department and also the Convener of the Seminar, delivered the welcome address and 
emphasized the need for holding such a Seminar. The program was anchored and conducted 
by the Co-convener Ms. Lovely Goyal, Assistant Professor, EEE Department. Prof. M.L. 
Goyal, Director, MAIT shared his views and experiences with the august audience.  
 
 
In the first session, Prof. D.K. Jain addressed the gathering with his vast experience in 
the field of Power & Energy scenario globally and in particular the demand and supply gap of 
Power Production in India and how to overcome it by increasing the non-conventional energy 
sources and making its contribution a sizable percentage of the total production. He laid 
emphasis on potential of solar energy, wind energy and other forms and the need for more 
and more contribution at house-hold and industries level to boost the same.  
 

 
In the second session, speaker Prof. D.K. Jain gave the presentation on the topic 
“Smart Grids”. He talked about the differences of conventional and smart grids. He also 
discussed about the recent development in this field. Smart grids are those electrical grids 
which have a number of operational and energy measures like smart meters, smart 
appliances, renewable energy resources and energy-efficient resources. He said that the 
dominant forms such as wind power and solar power are highly variable (giving an example 
of the loss in power generation of solar plant in Europe due to one-week cloud-cover). So the 
need for more sophisticated control systems and smart power grids is the urgent need of the 
home. The following features of smart grid, namely (1) More Reliability, (2) Flexibility in 
Topology of Network (bidirectional), (3) Higher Efficiency, (4) Effective load balancing, (5) 
Peak Curtailment and Pricing, (6) Increased sustainability due to Solar & Wind, (7) 
Systematic communication between supplier & consumer, (8) Demand response support and 
provide plant form for advanced services.  
 
 
 
 

