SOURCE_PDF: mgmt.mait.ac.in_images_pdf_Dossier_on_Advance_course_in_Product_Managemnent_from_IITK.pdf

 
1 
   
  
                                                                               
      Maharaja Agrasen Institute Of Technology 
    Department of Management, MBA 
Dossier 
On 
SIIC,IIT Kanpur A- MDP/Programme in Product 
Management 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
2 
 
 
 
 
Event Incharge:- 
 
Dr. Sanjeev Kumar 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
S.No 
Particulars 
Page no. 
1. 
Form A:-Proposal to SIIC,IIT 
Kanpur A- MDP/Programme in 
Product Management 
3 
2. 
Form B:- 
Part I-Aim of the visit 
Part II-Abstract 
Part III:-Conclusion 
Part IV:- Snapshot 
 
4 
4 
5 
6,7 

 
3 
 
 
FORM A 
 
Proposal:                         
 
Name Of the Event:        SIIC,IIT Kanpur A- MDP/Programme in Product Management    
Location                  :        IIT Kanpur Outreach Center, Sector 62, Industrial 
Area,Noida,Uttar Pradesh 
 
Date                          :       19th February to 24th February 2024 
 
Time                         :        9:45 AM to 5:15 PM 
 
Organised By           :        Department Of Management, MBA, MAIT 
 
 
 
Motivational Objective of the visit: 
 Understand the role and importance of product management within an MSME. 
 Identify market needs and opportunities through customer research and data analysis. 
 Develop effective product strategies that align with business goals. 
 Manage the product development process, including prototyping and testing. 
 Launch and market new products successfully. 
 Measure and analyze product performance for continuous improvement. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
4 
 
 
Form B 
Part 1 
Aim of the Event: 
The program aims to equip participants with the skills and knowledge needed to navigate 
the product life cycle effectively, from ideation to launch and beyond. Through a blend of 
theoretical knowledge and practical workshops, participants will learn to align product 
strategies with business objectives, understand customer needs, and drive product success 
in competitive markets. 
Part 2 
Abstract 
Day 1: Introduction to Product Management 
 Overview of product management and its role in business success 
 Understanding the product life cycle 
 The importance of market research and customer insights 
Day 2: Ideation and Product Strategy 
 Techniques for generating and evaluating product ideas 
 Developing a product vision and strategy 
 Aligning product strategies with business objectives 
Day 3: Product Development Process 
 Overview of the agile product development process 
 Prototyping and MVP (Minimum Viable Product) development 
 Incorporating user feedback and iterative design 
Day 4: Product Launch and Marketing 

 
5 
 Planning and executing a successful product launch 
 Marketing strategies for new products 
 Sales channels and distribution strategies for MSMEs 
Day 5: Measuring Success and Product Iteration 
 Key performance indicators (KPIs) for product management 
 Analyzing product performance and customer feedback 
 Strategies for product iteration and continuous improvement 
 
 
Additional Program Features: 
Case studies from successful MSMEs 
Interactive workshops and group activities 
Networking opportunities with industry professionals 
Access to online resources and tools for product management 
Certification: 
Participants who successfully complete the program will receive a Certificate of 
Completion in Product Management for MSMEs. 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
6 
 
Part 3 
Conclusion 
By the end of the program, participants are expected to have a solid foundation in product 
management principles, equipped with the tools and strategies necessary to navigate the 
complexities of launching and growing products in today’s dynamic market environments. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
7 
 
 
 
Snapshots 
 
 
 
 

 
8 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

