SOURCE_PDF: Report-case_study_competition_pdf.pdf

CASE STUDY COMPETITION 
SUSTAINABLE DEVELOPMENT: ONE EARTH, ONE FAMILY, ONE FUTURE 
 
 
 
 
 
Organiser: Department Of Management, Maharaja Agrasen Institute Of Technology 
Date: 24th March,2023 
Timings: 1:00p.m. onwards 
Venue: Block 7 (Room No. 712) 
Faculty Coordinators: Dr. Ritu Gupta, Mr. Ankur Ahuja, Mr. Rajiv Jain 
Student Coordinators: Akansha Jain, Deepika Sharma, Kunal Goel, Shakti Dutt, Yugam 

An inter college Case Study competition on “Sustainable Development : One Earth, 
One Family, One Future” was organised by The Department of Management, 
Maharaja Agrasen Institute of Technology on 24th March,2023. 
The event started at 1:00p.m. with the inaugural session chaired by Prof.(Dr.)Neelam 
Sharma, Director (MAIT), Prof. S.S. Deswal , Dean (MAIT) , Prof.(Dr.)Amit Gupta, 
HOD(Management) and Prof.(Dr.)Namita Gupta, HOD(CSE). The session is proceeded 
by   Saraswati Vandana with prayers and lamp lighting. Further welcome of dignitaries 
by the event coordinators  with the sapling keeping a sustainable approach. This was 
followed by motivational speech of our  respected Director and Prof. (Dr.) Neelam 
Sharma and inspirational words by Prof.(Dr.)Amit Gupta,HOD(MBA). 
 
The competition was judged by Dr. Anju Bharti and Dr. Sukhvinder Singh, 
Assistant Professor, Department of Management. 
The theme for the case study was “Green washing”. Students from various 
departments participated in the competition. The event received an overwhelming 
response. For round 1---- 93 teams registered with us from different colleges. 55 Teams 
turned up for the participation in Round 1   and top 10 teams were selected for Round 2 
of Case Study Competition. Students presented their ideas and solutions through 
presentations within a time limit of 10 mins followed by a 5 min Q&A round with the 
judges. 
The event was concluded with announcement of winners by Dr. Ritu Gupta. Prof.(Dr.) 
Namita Gupta and Prof.(Dr.)Amit Gupta awarded the winners with their certificates of 
appreciation and cash rewards. 
The event was informative and insightful that helped the students with their 
communication skills and also to develop cognitive skills.  
 
 
 
 
 
 

Snap Shots 
 
 
               
  
 

