SOURCE_PDF: mgmt.mait.ac.in_images_pdf_9th_sept_2024_report.pdf

 
 
Report 
 
Session  on Capital Market 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Organiser: Department of Management, Maharaja Agrasen Institute of Technology  
Date: 09th September, 2024 
Timings:  10:00 AM  
Venue:  Room No 741  
Faculty Coordinators: Dr.Ritu Gupta & Dr. Neeru Gupta 
 
 
A Session on “Capital Market in association with BSE” was organized for MBA Students batch 2024-26 
by the department (MBA), Maharaja Agrasen Institute of Technology on 09th September, 2024. The objective of 
the session was to educate the students on diverse aspects of capital market such as directive of market and 
instruments of capital market.  
The department had invited guest speakers from “Bombay Stock Exchange” and “Central Depositary Services 
Limited”. 
Guest Speaker 1---Mr. Jasdeep Singh Kohli (BSE) 
Guest Speaker 2---Ms. Veena Yadav (CDSL) 
 
The session started at 10:00 a.m. with the welcome of our guest speakers with sapling and followed by a 
welcome speech by Prof. Dr. Amit Gupta, Head of the Department. The session started with first presentation by 
Ms. Veena Yadav CDSL. She shared the mechanism of depositary and its overall role in securities market in 
very communicating way. 
After the first presentation, Mr. Jasdeep Singh Kohli from BSE IPF covered all essential elements of 
stock trading and mutual fund strategy. He also describes the process that how to execute it. He also 
explained about the regulatory role of Securities Exchange Board of India and different initiatives 
taken by SEBI to bring awareness about securities market, in an interesting yet simple manner. The talk 
delivered by Sir, was very informative and provides valuable insights about securities market. 
 
 A highly interactive query session was held towards the end of session. The session was concluded by 
Vote of thanks by Dr. Ritu Gupta. 86 students participants attended the session. Overall, it was a great 
learning and valuable experience for all the students. 
 
 
 
.  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

