SOURCE_PDF: WebReprt_on_Capital_Market_0105112022_pdf.pdf

 
 
Report 
 
WEBINAR  ON CAPITAL MARKET 
 
                                             
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
A Five-day Certification Course was organized by the Department of Management Studies 
(MBA) in collaboration with the Bombay Stock Exchange Brokers' Forum for for MBA students 
batch  2021-2023and 2022-2024 
 
Course Title:         “Overviews of Capital Market - Series 1” 
Course Duration:  1st November - 5th November 2022   
Course Platform:  Online (Google Meet) 
Resource Person:  Dr. Vishnuvajjhala Aditya Srinivas 
         Chief Operating Officer & Chief Economist  
         Bombay Stock Exchange Brokers Forum. 
Course coordinator: Dr. Ritu Gupta 
 
 
 
The objective of the session was to educate the students on different aspects of capital market such as regulation 
of market and mechanism of capital market.  
Schedule 
 
Date 
Time 
Topic 
1 November 2022 
5.00 - 5.45 pm 
Working of Stock Market - Working of stock 
exchanges, working of broker, trading account, Demat 
account, risk management, KYC of clients, investment 
vs speculation 
2 November 2022 
5.00 - 5.45 pm 
Fundamental Analysis - Economic Analysis, industry 
analysis and company analysis with case studies 
3 November 2022 
5.00 - 5.45 pm 
Mutual Funds - Meaning, types of mutual funds, 
advantages, working of mutual funds, role in wealth 
creation, SIP and its benefit, Mutual fund industry 
scenario 
4 November 2022 
5.00 - 5.45 pm 
Monetary Policy & Live Terminal 
5 November 2022 
5.00 - 5.45 pm 
Gold Vs Equity 
 
\ 
The course started on 1st November at 05:00 p.m. with a welcome speech by Prof. Dr. M.K. Bhat. The event 
took off with first day presentation by Dr. Vishnuvajjhala Aditya Srinivas, Chief Operating Officer & 
Chief Economist at Bombay Stock Exchange Brokers Forum. 
  
He explained about the regulatory role of Securities Exchange Board of India and different types of 
trading account as well as other basics of trading mechanism. He shared the mechanism of depositary 
and its overall role in securities market in very interactive way. 
 
On the second day of course Fundamental analysis of securities was covered. It helps the students to 
understand about undervalued and overvalued securities. 
 
 

 
 
On third day all essential elements of wealth creation and mutual fund strategy and the description of 
how to execute was covered. Fourth session was about the role of monetary policy in maintaining the 
inflation in econmy. And last session covered everything about commodity market. 
  
 A highly interactive query session was held at the end of each session.. The Query session was the 
major highlight of the event. Almost all the queries were addressed by the speaker.  
 
The session was concluded by Vote of thanks by Dr. Ritu Gupta. More than 190 students attended the 
session. The size of participation during the course duration is testimony to how excited everyone was 
to learn about capital market. Overall, it was a great learning and valued experience for all the students. 
 
 
 
.  
SNAPSHOTS OF THE EVENT 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

