SOURCE_PDF: BSE_Dossier_11-10-2023_visit_pdf.pdf

1 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

2 
 
 
 
 
1. 
Form A:-Proposal to Industrial 
visit BSE 
3 
2. 
Form B:- 
Part I-Aim of the visit 
4 
Part II-Abstract 
4 
Part III:-Conclusion 
5 
Part IV:- Snapshot 
6 
 
Event Incharge:- 
Dr. Ritu gupta 
:Assistant Professor 
Dr.Rajiv Jain 
:Assistant Professor 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Dr.Amit Gupta 
HOD,Department of Management,MBA 

3 
 
FORM A 
Proposal: 
 
Name Of the Event: 
Industrial visit to BSE 
 
Location 
: 
1st Floor ,Aggarwal Corporate Tower, Pot no 23, district center, 
Rajendra place, New Delhi 
 
Date 
: 
11th October,2023 
 
Time 
: 
10:00 AM - 1:00 PM 
 
Organised By 
: 
Department Of Management, MBA, MAIT 
 
 
 
Motivational Objective of the visit: 
 
1. Industrial visits provide the students with an opportunity to learn practically 
through interaction, working methods and employment practices. 
2. The practical knowledge of how a business can be started and what are the real 
life challenges being faced can only be learned through having practical 
experience from industrial visits. 

4 
 
Form B 
Part 1 
Aim of the Event: 
 
Industrial visit provides students a much relevant practical perspective of the actual 
work place and the larger world of business.Industrial visits grant the students a great 
opportunity to interact with industries and know more about industrial environment. 
 
Part 2 
Abstract 
As a part of the course curriculum of MBA, a one -day Industrial visit was organised 
on 11th October, 2023 for 51 MBA first year students of section C to 1st Floor 
,Aggarwal Corporate Tower, Pot no 23, district center,Rajendra Place, New Delhi.The 
Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) is one of the oldest and most prominent stock 
exchanges in India. This report aims to provide an overview of the BSE, its history, 
functions, and its significance in the Indian financial landscape. 
 
The BSE was established in 1875 as the Native Share and Stock Brokers’ Association, 
making it the first stock exchange in Asia. Over the years, it has grown and evolved 
into a leading platform for trading equities, derivatives, debt instruments, and 
commodity. 
 
An introductory session was conducted by Mr. Kunal kishore(Manager) of SEBI having 
over decade experience. He shared the historical knowledge of SEBI, and the main aim 
of SEBI to secure and protect the investor. Session was regarding to create awareness 
among youth in how to invest the money with proper knowledge and practical 
implementation. 
 
Mr.Yatharth,Mr. Jasdeep Singh and Ms Veena further elaborated the role of regulators 
in investment.Got to know about the regulators- NSDL,CDSL. 
 
An insight into the primary market and secondary market.Understanding of the stock 
market.Different types of trading:- Derivative Trading, Intraday Trading. 
Understanding the different types of investment methods:Mutual funds, FD etc. Live 
stock market analysis was also done by Mr.Yatharth.IPO process was explained in 
detailed manner and the whole session was quite informative.Lastly the do’s and don’t 
to be keep in mind while investing. 

5 
 
Part 3 
Conclusion 
The industrial visit to BSE was an insight into the real working environment,systems, 
and interact with highly trained and experienced personnel. Students get to learn a lot 
of things that will help them in their development and also for the future. 

6 
 
Snapshots 
 
 

