SOURCE_PDF: mgmt.mait.ac.in_images_pdf_Report_Alumini_Meet_2023.pdf

 
                   MAHARAJA AGRASEN INSTITUTE OF TECHNOLOGY 
                                   (ISO:9001:2015 Certified) 
Approved by AICTE, Ministry of HRD, Govt. of India 
                     (Affiliated to Guru Gobind Singh Indraprastha University, Delhi) 
 
 
 
Department of Management, MBA 
Report on Alumni Meet 
7th January,2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
Organized by:  Maharaja Agrasen Institute of Technology, Delhi  
Date: 7th January, Saturday, 2023 
Time: 10:00 am onwards  
Venue: MAIT Campus 
Faculty Coordinators:  
 Dr. Anju Bharti, Dr. Ratika Sikand (For Department of Management, MBA) 
 
About the event: 
Alumni Meet was organized on 7th January 2023 at Maharaja Agrasen Institute of Technology, 
Rohini, Delhi. The meet was organised to facilitate, consolidate and coordinate Alumni 
Activities. The alumni meet was organized to reconnect with the Alumni and celebrate their 
success and various achievements.  
The Alumni started arriving in college by 10.00 a.m. and they were received by the registration 
team.  They have been asked to fill the registration form and student volunteers helped them to 
fill forms. They were provided with a souvenir in form of a cup embossed with MAIT logo. 
Our founder chairman and Chancellor Maharaja Agrasen University, Baddi, Dr. Nand Kishore 
Garg, Director MAIT Prof (Dr.) Neelam Sharma, Prof (Dr.) M.L.Goyal,VC Academics, Prof. 
S.S Deswal,Dean (Academics),MAIT along with other dignitaries welcomed chief guest for 
the day Mr.Naresh Bansal who is an Indian politician and Member of Parliament from 
Uttarakhand in the Rajya Sabha. He is a member of the Bharatiya Janata Party. 
The event started with lighting of lamp by all dignitaries with Saraswati Vandana sung by 
students. The chief guest felicitated by our founder chairman as an honour with flower saplings 
on the stage. The welcome speech was given by president of the alumni association, Mr. 
Sanjeev. He mentioned the achievements of alumni and their role in the MAIT alumni 
association. It was followed by the speech by founder chairman Shri Nand Kishore Garg and 
the chief guest. He emphasized the role of students in our society. 
 The ppt presentation regarding various achievements in academics, co-curricular activities, 
placements, industrial visits etc. were shown during the event. The students performed in the 
cultural events too. The institute provided the lunch to all. After lunch, there was a group photo 
session department wise with alumni. The programme continued post lunch. All alumni and 
member of alumni association were felicitated for their efforts. The programme ended with 
AGM of alumni association. The objective of the Alumni association is to move ahead, with 

selfless intentions for the growth and development of the students of MAIT and society 
around.  
The event was well managed by student volunteers in guidance of their faculty coordinators. 
Everyone participated enthusiastically in this event. 
List of student coordinators and volunteers of MBA 
Sl 
no. 
Name 
Year 
1 
Ms.Tanya Shrivastav,(Student 
Coordinator) 
MBA final 
2 
Mr.Yash Gupta(Student Coordinator) 
MBA final 
3 
Mr.Akshay Gupta 
MBA first 
yr 
4 
Ms.Somya Oberai 
MBA first 
yr 
5 
Ms.Tavleen Kaur 
MBA first 
yr 
6 
Ms.Kritika Arora 
MBA first 
yr 
7 
Mr.Gautam 
MBA first 
yr 
8 
Ms.Neharika 
MBA first 
yr 
9 
Mr.Simarpal Singh 
MBA first 
yr 
10 
Ms.Akansha Jain 
MBA first 
yr 
11 
Mr.Himanshu Verma 
MBA first 
yr 
12 
Ms.Prachi Saxena 
MBA first 
yr 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

Snap shots: 
 
                                     
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

