SOURCE_PDF: Dossier_Unsung_Heroes_29th_Jan_22_pdf.pdf

1 
 
 
Maharaja Agrasen Institute of Technology 
Department of Management, MBA 
Dossier 
On 
“Unsung Heroes” 
Held On 
29th January, 2022 
 
 

2 
 
 
S. No. 
Particulars  
 Page No. 
 
1. 
 
 
Form-A : Proposal to organize an event 
 
 
 3 
 
2. 
 
 
Form B : 
Part I - Aim of the Event 
Part II – Abstract 
Part III –Conclusion 
Part IV – Snap Shot 
 
 
 
 
4 
4 
5 
6-7 
 
Event Incharge: 
Dr. Sangeeta Rawal : Associate Professor 
Ms. Kalpana Sharma :  Assistant Professor 
Mr. Rajiv Jain     
 : Assistant Professor 
 
 
 
 
                                                 Dr. Amit Gupta 
HOD, Department of Management, MBA 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

3 
 
FORM A 
 
 
Proposal: 
 
Name of the Event: 
 “Unsung Heroes” 
Platform 
 
: 
 Online Mode through Zoom  
Date  
 
:          29th January, 2022 
Time  
 
:        11:30 AM onwards 
Organized By 
:         Department of Management, MBA, MAIT 
 
 
 
 
Motivational Objective of the Visit:  
 
India has many unsung heroes, who devoted their lives to the cause of the nation. Some, 
probably had not even heard of ‘Unsung Heroes’.The purpose of the event was to familiarize 
students with various Unsung Heroes. 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

4 
 
Form B 
 
Part 1 
 
Aim of the event: 
 
 In today's fast-moving world and tough competitive day-to-day life, the youth hardly find 
time for remembrance of our rich heritage and past. This becomes most crucial whilst the 
nation celebrates Azadi ka Amrit Mahotsav (commemoration of 75 years of Indian 
Independence).The aim of the event is to recreate and bring forth stories, which lay as faded 
memories of the past, shall serve as a medium of inspiration and encouragement for the 
coming generations 
 
Part 2 
 
Abstract: 
 
India has many unsung heroes, who devoted their lives to the cause of the nation. Some, 
probably had not even heard of ‘Unsung Heroes’ portrayed by MBA students of 2021-23 
batch at the event organized to celebrate and acknowledge immense contribution of numerous 
unknown heroes to the cause of our nation. These unsung heroes are also the reason we live 
in a free country today. 
 As per convention of the institute, programme began with the Saraswati Vandana invoking 
Saraswati, the goddess of knowledge and learning. The event was marked by the gracious 
presence of   Dr N. K.Garg, Founder Chairman and Chief Advisor, MATES who enthused 
the students with his profound speech. Prof Dr. Neelam Sharma, Director MAIT motivated 
students on a positive note. Prof. S.S Deswal Dean, Academics MAIT wished the students 
and encouraged them. A cordial welcome speech was presented by Head of Department 
(MBA), Prof. Dr. Amit Gupta.  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

5 
 
Part 3 
 
Conclusion 
 
The event received overwhelming response with fifteen teams comprising of fifty-three 
students of MBA department, presenting innovative and novel presentations depicting life 
and lessons of unsung heroes like Acharya Chanakya, Homi Bhabha, Kunwar Singh, Laxmi 
Narayan Tripathi, Swapnil Tewari to name a few.  
The presentation concluded on a high note with the jury of faculty comprising Dr Sangeeta 
Rawal, Kalpana Sharma and Rajiv Jain, announcing the winners of the event.   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

6 
 
 
 

7 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Snap Shot: 
 
 
 
 
 
 

