SOURCE_PDF: mgmt.mait.ac.in_images_pdf_Report_Industrial_Visit_SEBI27022024.pdf

 
 
MAHARAJA AGRASEN INSTITUTE OF TECHNOLOGY 
(ISO:9001:2015 Certified) 
Approved by AICTE, Ministry of HRD , Govt. of India 
Ministry of HRD , Govt. of India 
(Affiliated to Guru Gobind Singh Indraprastha University, Delhi) 
 
 
 
Department of Management 
Industrial Visit to Securities and Exchange Board of India 
 
Organiser :  MAIT, Department of Management (MBA) 
Date :  February 27th ,2024 
Timings : 10:30 AM  to 2:30 PM 
Venue :  SEBI ,Northern Regional Office ,Kidwai Nagar New Delhi 
 
Faculty Coordinator :  Dr Sukhvinder Singh  
 
 
Maharaja Agrasen Institute of Technology Department of Management organized visit to 
Securities and Exchange Board of India Headquarter in Delhi on 27th February 2024 for MBA – 
II semester girl students under Government of India initiative to sensitize and encourage women 

investor. Dr Sukhvinder Singh Assistant Professor accompanied 36 girl students on the visit to 
SEBI premises at SEBI’s Northern Regional Office at Kidwai Nagar New Delhi. 
 
The event started with basic introduction about SEBI, its objectives, functions and roles. This 
session was conducted by Ms. Rucha from SEBI. The speaker emphasized on various frauds to 
which the investors are exposed while investing through different channels. The particular 
section of the presentation focused on DO’s and Don’ts while investing in securities market. 
They also deliberated on reading all the guidelines and instructions thoroughly before signing 
any documents or undertakings. Also to make session interactive, speaker asked various 
questions during presentation.  
The second session was conducted by Ms. Mamta Kapilla from MCX . Ms. Mamta introduced 
concepts of Commodities trading to the students. She also explained the importance and role of 
Multi Commodities Exchange in India. He further elaborated on how students can invest in 
commodities. 
 
Later students were shown videos and documentary made by SEBI for investor awareness. 
Students were severed with light refreshment at the end of the program. 
  
The visit was a great source of learning for students as the speakers shared their expertise. 
Students also got an great opportunity to clear several doubts regarding Demat and trading 
accounts, functioning of SEBI and IPO listing, Malpractices in stock trading, Career 
opportunities at SEBI etc. The visit ended with light refreshment and group photo session. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

            
 
 

